100000  transactions
user1 fillOrder success
user2 fillOrder fail
user2 fillOrder fail
user2 fillOrder success
user3 fillOrder fail
user3 fillOrder success
user4 fillOrder success
user4 fillOrder success
user5 fillOrder success
user6 fillOrder success
user7 fillOrder fail
user7 fillOrder success
user7 fillOrder fail
user8 fillOrder success
user9 fillOrder success
user10 fillOrder success
user11 fillOrder success
user12 fillOrder success
user13 fillOrder success
user14 fillOrder success
user15 fillOrder success
user16 fillOrder success
user17 fillOrder success
user18 fillOrder success
user15 fillOrder success
user19 fillOrder fail
user20 fillOrder success
user21 fillOrder success
user22 fillOrder fail
user23 fillOrder success
user19 fillOrder success
user24 fillOrder success
user25 fillOrder success
user26 fillOrder success
user26 fillOrder success
user27 fillOrder success
user28 fillOrder success
user29 fillOrder success
user19 fillOrder success
user30 fillOrder success
user27 fillOrder success
user31 fillOrder success
user17 fillOrder success
user32 cancelOrder success
user33 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user35 fillOrder success
user36 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user37 fillOrder success
user36 fillOrder success
user38 fillOrder success
user36 fillOrder success
user39 fillOrder success
user40 fillOrder success
user41 fillOrder success
user42 fillOrder success
user43 fillOrder success
user44 fillOrder success
user43 fillOrder success
user45 fillOrder success
user43 fillOrder success
user46 fillOrder success
user47 fillOrder success
user48 fillOrder success
user49 fillOrder success
user49 fillOrder success
user50 fillOrder success
user48 fillOrder success
user48 fillOrder success
user51 fillOrder success
user51 fillOrder success
user51 fillOrder success
user51 fillOrder success
user52 fillOrder success
user52 fillOrder success
user48 fillOrder success
user53 fillOrder success
user54 fillOrder success
user55 fillOrder success
user56 fillOrder success
user57 fillOrder success
user48 fillOrder success
user56 fillOrder success
user56 fillOrder success
user58 fillOrder success
user59 fillOrder success
user58 fillOrder success
user60 fillOrder success
user61 fillOrder success
user58 fillOrder success
user58 fillOrder success
user62 fillOrder success
user49 fillOrder success
user49 fillOrder success
user49 fillOrder success
user49 fillOrder success
user63 fillOrder success
user64 fillOrder success
user65 fillOrder success
user66 fillOrder success
user49 fillOrder fail
user49 fillOrder fail
user49 fillOrder fail
user67 fillOrder success
user13 fillOrder success
user7 fillOrder success
user68 fillOrder success
user69 fillOrder success
user67 fillOrder success
user66 fillOrder success
user66 fillOrder fail
user70 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user72 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user70 fillOrder success
user70 fillOrder success
user70 fillOrder success
user70 fillOrder fail
user73 fillOrder success
user73 fillOrder success
user73 fillOrder success
user70 fillOrder success
user70 fillOrder success
user74 fillOrder success
user75 fillOrder success
user74 fillOrder success
user74 fillOrder success
user27 fillOrder success
user76 fillOrder success
user77 fillOrder success
user69 fillOrder success
user78 fillOrder success
user77 fillOrder success
user79 fillOrder success
user65 fillOrder success
user80 fillOrder success
user11 fillOrder success
user81 fillOrder success
user79 fillOrder success
user82 fillOrder success
user83 fillOrder success
user38 fillOrder success
user84 fillOrder success
user85 fillOrder success
user86 fillOrder success
user87 fillOrder success
user88 fillOrder success
user89 fillOrder success
user89 fillOrder success
user72 fillOrder success
user72 fillOrder success
user72 fillOrder success
user90 fillOrder success
user91 fillOrder success
user92 fillOrder success
user93 fillOrder success
user46 fillOrder success
user93 fillOrder success
user93 fillOrder success
user94 fillOrder success
user95 fillOrder success
user96 fillOrder success
user96 fillOrder success
user97 fillOrder success
user98 fillOrder success
user99 fillOrder success
user100 fillOrder success
user101 fillOrder success
user102 fillOrder success
user13 fillOrder success
user103 fillOrder success
user104 fillOrder success
user102 fillOrder success
user104 fillOrder success
user104 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder success
user80 fillOrder fail
user80 fillOrder success
user106 fillOrder success
user106 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder success
user107 fillOrder success
user77 fillOrder success
user65 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder success
user100 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder success
user100 fillOrder success
user84 fillOrder success
user108 fillOrder success
user109 fillOrder success
user84 fillOrder success
user110 fillOrder success
user111 fillOrder success
user112 fillOrder success
user113 fillOrder success
user114 fillOrder success
user115 fillOrder success
user113 fillOrder success
user113 fillOrder fail
user105 fillOrder success
user116 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder success
user117 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder success
user118 fillOrder success
user105 fillOrder fail
user105 fillOrder success
user119 fillOrder success
user120 fillOrder success
user121 fillOrder success
user122 fillOrder success
user123 fillOrder fail
user123 fillOrder success
user76 fillOrder success
user76 fillOrder success
user124 fillOrder success
user125 fillOrder success
user126 fillOrder success
user90 fillOrder success
user69 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user7 fillOrder success
user128 fillOrder fail
user129 fillOrder success
user129 fillOrder success
user129 fillOrder success
user130 fillOrder success
user131 fillOrder success
user131 fillOrder success
user132 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user135 fillOrder success
user136 fillOrder success
user137 fillOrder success
user138 fillOrder success
user139 fillOrder success
user140 fillOrder success
user141 fillOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user143 cancelOrder success
user144 fillOrder success
user144 cancelOrder success
user142 cancelOrder success
user142 cancelOrder success
user142 cancelOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user143 cancelOrder success
user145 fillOrder success
user146 fillOrder success
user147 fillOrder success
user143 cancelOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user142 cancelOrder success
user143 fillOrder success
user148 fillOrder success
user143 fillOrder success
user142 fillOrder success
user142 cancelOrder success
user142 cancelOrder success
user149 fillOrder success
user149 fillOrder success
user150 fillOrder success
user151 fillOrder success
user152 fillOrder success
user153 fillOrder success
user153 fillOrder success
user154 fillOrder success
user155 cancelOrder success
user156 fillOrder success
user131 cancelOrder success
user157 fillOrder success
user74 fillOrder success
user158 fillOrder success
user158 fillOrder success
user158 fillOrder success
user40 fillOrder success
user159 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user161 fillOrder success
user162 fillOrder success
user162 fillOrder success
user158 cancelOrder success
user163 fillOrder success
user163 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user40 fillOrder success
user164 cancelOrder success
user165 fillOrder success
user164 cancelOrder success
user106 cancelOrder success
user143 batchFillOrders success
user166 batchFillOrders success
user167 batchFillOrders success
user168 cancelOrder success
user169 fillOrder fail
user170 cancelOrder success
user169 fillOrder fail
user169 fillOrder success
user169 fillOrder success
user169 fillOrder success
user171 fillOrder success
user171 fillOrder success
user171 cancelOrder success
user171 cancelOrder success
user172 cancelOrder success
user173 cancelOrder success
user174 batchFillOrders fail
user174 batchFillOrders success
user167 batchFillOrders success
user175 cancelOrder success
user176 batchFillOrders success
user171 batchFillOrders success
user176 batchFillOrders success
user92 cancelOrder success
user177 fillOrder success
user177 fillOrder success
user92 fillOrder success
user92 cancelOrder success
user177 fillOrder success
user178 cancelOrder success
user171 batchFillOrders success
user179 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user182 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder fail
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder fail
user182 fillOrder success
user186 cancelOrder success
user182 fillOrder success
user186 cancelOrder success
user186 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user182 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user187 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user135 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user188 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user182 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user189 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder fail
user190 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user190 cancelOrder success
user191 cancelOrder success
user191 fillOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder fail
user192 fillOrder success
user191 fillOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user189 cancelOrder success
user155 fillOrder success
user72 fillOrder success
user194 fillOrder success
user195 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user195 cancelOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user198 fillOrder success
user198 fillOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user199 fillOrder success
user200 cancelOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user201 cancelOrder success
user201 fillOrder success
user201 fillOrder success
user202 fillOrder success
user202 fillOrder success
user201 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user201 fillOrder success
user203 cancelOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user203 fillOrder success
user203 fillOrder success
user198 fillOrder success
user200 cancelOrder success
user200 fillOrder success
user201 fillOrder success
user201 fillOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user205 fillOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user206 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user208 cancelOrder success
user209 cancelOrder success
user210 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder fail
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user212 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user212 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder fail
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder fail
user211 fillOrder success
user213 fillOrder success
user214 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user216 cancelOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user163 fillOrder success
user218 fillOrder success
user219 fillOrder success
user220 fillOrder success
user221 fillOrder success
user220 fillOrder success
user222 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user224 cancelOrder success
user220 cancelOrder success
user224 fillOrder success
user220 cancelOrder success
user220 cancelOrder success
user220 cancelOrder success
user225 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user227 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user228 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user227 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user227 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user229 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user230 cancelOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user187 batchFillOrders success
user224 cancelOrder success
user187 cancelOrder success
user232 fillOrder success
user232 fillOrder success
user232 fillOrder success
user233 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user234 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrder success
user215 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrder success
user236 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user205 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder fail
user238 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user238 cancelOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user238 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user240 fillOrder success
user241 cancelOrder success
user241 cancelOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user243 fillOrder success
user240 fillOrder success
user244 cancelOrder success
user244 fillOrder success
user240 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user245 fillOrder success
user246 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user246 fillOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder fail
user249 fillOrder success
user250 fillOrder success
user250 fillOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user204 fillOrder fail
user204 fillOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user198 cancelOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user240 cancelOrder success
user199 fillOrder success
user199 cancelOrder success
user199 fillOrder success
user252 cancelOrder success
user253 fillOrder success
user254 fillOrder success
user255 fillOrder success
user244 cancelOrder success
user256 cancelOrder success
user255 fillOrder success
user255 fillOrder success
user255 fillOrder success
user255 fillOrder success
user257 cancelOrder success
user257 fillOrder success
user257 fillOrder success
user257 fillOrder success
user257 fillOrder success
user258 fillOrder success
user257 cancelOrder success
user234 cancelOrder success
user259 fillOrder success
user199 fillOrder success
user254 fillOrder success
user254 fillOrder success
user254 fillOrder success
user260 fillOrder success
user261 cancelOrder success
user262 fillOrder success
user263 fillOrder success
user263 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder fail
user264 fillOrder fail
user264 fillOrder success
user245 cancelOrder success
user245 cancelOrder success
user245 cancelOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user266 cancelOrder success
user148 batchFillOrders success
user267 cancelOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user268 cancelOrder success
user268 cancelOrder success
user268 cancelOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user269 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user264 fillOrder success
user135 fillOrder fail
user135 fillOrder fail
user231 fillOrder success
user270 cancelOrder success
user270 cancelOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user192 fillOrder fail
user192 fillOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user271 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user186 cancelOrder success
user186 cancelOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user272 fillOrder success
user272 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user263 fillOrder success
user263 fillOrder success
user263 fillOrder success
user273 cancelOrder success
user273 cancelOrder success
user274 fillOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 cancelOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder fail
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user247 cancelOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder fail
user276 fillOrder success
user277 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user279 fillOrder success
user276 cancelOrder success
user280 fillOrder success
user280 fillOrder success
user280 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user281 fillOrder success
user281 fillOrder success
user281 fillOrder success
user281 fillOrder success
user281 fillOrder success
user281 fillOrder success
user247 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder fail
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user281 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user278 fillOrder success
user282 cancelOrder success
user283 cancelOrder success
user172 cancelOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder fail
user237 fillOrder fail
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user237 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user274 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user213 cancelOrder success
user207 fillOrder fail
user133 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user199 cancelOrder success
user199 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user274 cancelOrder success
user274 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user275 cancelOrder success
user284 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user285 fillOrder success
user286 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user287 cancelOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user43 cancelOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user288 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user285 cancelOrder success
user285 cancelOrder success
user179 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder fail
user34 fillOrder fail
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user132 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user132 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user292 fillOrder success
user292 fillOrder success
user292 fillOrder success
user292 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user294 cancelOrder success
user294 cancelOrder success
user275 cancelOrder success
user275 cancelOrder success
user275 cancelOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user296 cancelOrder success
user297 cancelOrder success
user297 fillOrder success
user298 fillOrder success
user66 cancelOrder success
user66 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user261 fillOrder success
user287 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user301 fillOrder success
user301 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user302 cancelOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user303 cancelOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user265 cancelOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrder success
user304 fillOrder success
user305 cancelOrder success
user305 cancelOrder success
user305 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user306 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user306 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user132 cancelOrder success
user305 cancelOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user227 cancelOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user307 cancelOrder success
user307 fillOrder success
user308 cancelOrder success
user308 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user307 fillOrder success
user309 cancelOrder success
user309 cancelOrder success
user310 fillOrder success
user311 cancelOrder success
user312 fillOrder success
user312 fillOrder success
user313 cancelOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user314 fillOrder success
user314 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user315 fillOrder success
user316 cancelOrder success
user317 cancelOrder success
user317 cancelOrder success
user317 fillOrder success
user317 cancelOrder success
user318 fillOrder success
user319 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user319 fillOrder success
user321 fillOrder success
user317 cancelOrder success
user311 fillOrder success
user319 fillOrder success
user322 cancelOrder success
user321 cancelOrder success
user321 cancelOrder success
user319 fillOrder success
user323 fillOrder success
user321 cancelOrder success
user323 fillOrder success
user324 fillOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user326 cancelOrder success
user325 cancelOrder success
user327 fillOrder success
user327 cancelOrder success
user327 cancelOrder success
user304 cancelOrder success
user328 fillOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user328 fillOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user331 cancelOrder success
user331 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user332 cancelOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user328 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user325 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user307 cancelOrder success
user333 cancelOrder success
user334 fillOrder fail
user335 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user335 fillOrder success
user335 fillOrder success
user200 cancelOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user336 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user337 fillOrder fail
user335 fillOrder success
user335 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user338 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder fail
user338 fillOrder success
user339 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user340 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user336 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user341 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user326 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user127 fillOrder fail
user340 fillOrder success
user307 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user342 fillOrder success
user343 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user337 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user339 fillOrder success
user334 fillOrder success
user341 fillOrder success
user232 fillOrder fail
user344 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user342 cancelOrder success
user232 fillOrder fail
user342 cancelOrder success
user232 fillOrder success
user342 cancelOrder success
user345 fillOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user344 fillOrder success
user346 fillOrder fail
user307 fillOrder success
user322 fillOrder success
user318 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user232 fillOrder fail
user347 fillOrder success
user348 fillOrder success
user318 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user346 fillOrder fail
user348 cancelOrder success
user340 cancelOrder success
user341 cancelOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user318 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user349 cancelOrder success
user350 cancelOrder success
user351 fillOrder success
user352 cancelOrder success
user353 fillOrder success
user307 fillOrder success
user345 cancelOrder success
user351 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user295 fillOrder success
user354 fillOrder success
user354 cancelOrder success
user355 cancelOrder success
user345 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user351 fillOrder success
user356 cancelOrder success
user357 cancelOrder success
user342 cancelOrder success
user358 cancelOrder success
user351 fillOrder success
user307 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user336 fillOrder success
user342 cancelOrder success
user356 fillOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user353 fillOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user325 fillOrder success
user304 fillOrder success
user329 fillOrder success
user355 cancelOrder success
user344 fillOrder success
user344 fillOrder success
user329 fillOrder success
user359 fillOrder success
user348 cancelOrder success
user324 fillOrder success
user324 fillOrder success
user324 fillOrder success
user345 fillOrder success
user360 fillOrder success
user340 cancelOrder success
user330 fillOrder success
user360 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user357 fillOrder success
user345 fillOrder success
user362 fillOrder success
user356 fillOrder success
user355 cancelOrder success
user355 cancelOrder success
user296 cancelOrder success
user343 cancelOrder success
user363 fillOrder success
user296 cancelOrder success
user296 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user331 cancelOrder success
user364 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user364 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user357 fillOrder success
user311 fillOrder success
user365 fillOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user366 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user367 cancelOrder success
user367 cancelOrder success
user365 fillOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user357 fillOrder success
user307 fillOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user232 fillOrder success
user244 cancelOrder success
user343 fillOrder success
user357 fillOrder success
user368 cancelOrder success
user347 cancelOrder success
user343 fillOrder success
user343 cancelOrder success
user343 cancelOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user369 cancelOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user370 cancelOrder success
user370 fillOrder success
user360 cancelOrder success
user360 cancelOrder success
user360 cancelOrder success
user371 fillOrder success
user372 fillOrder success
user329 cancelOrder success
user329 fillOrder success
user329 fillOrder success
user373 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user360 cancelOrder success
user343 cancelOrder success
user375 fillOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user376 cancelOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user377 cancelOrder success
user377 fillOrder success
user376 fillOrder success
user232 fillOrder success
user232 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user345 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user375 fillOrder fail
user345 fillOrder success
user311 fillOrder success
user353 fillOrder success
user311 fillOrder success
user378 cancelOrder success
user371 cancelOrder success
user371 cancelOrder success
user379 cancelOrder success
user371 fillOrder success
user377 cancelOrder success
user380 cancelOrder success
user381 cancelOrder success
user382 cancelOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user383 cancelOrder success
user384 fillOrder success
user385 cancelOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user386 cancelOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user386 cancelOrder success
user387 cancelOrder success
user388 fillOrder success
user232 cancelOrder success
user349 cancelOrder success
user386 cancelOrder success
user370 fillOrder success
user389 fillOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user390 cancelOrder success
user390 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user391 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user297 cancelOrder success
user226 cancelOrder success
user226 cancelOrder success
user392 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user348 cancelOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user393 fillOrder success
user393 cancelOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user392 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user394 cancelOrder success
user394 fillOrder success
user395 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user379 cancelOrder success
user220 cancelOrder success
user220 fillOrder success
user220 cancelOrder success
user396 cancelOrder success
user396 cancelOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user383 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user397 cancelOrder success
user397 fillOrder success
user397 cancelOrder success
user397 fillOrder success
user397 fillOrder success
user397 fillOrder success
user397 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user350 cancelOrder success
user385 cancelOrder success
user385 cancelOrder success
user385 cancelOrder success
user398 cancelOrder success
user398 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user399 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user309 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user400 cancelOrder success
user399 cancelOrder success
user400 fillOrder success
user392 fillOrder success
user401 cancelOrder success
user401 cancelOrder success
user401 cancelOrder success
user305 fillOrder success
user305 fillOrder success
user305 fillOrder success
user305 fillOrder success
user402 cancelOrder success
user305 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user403 cancelOrder success
user403 cancelOrder success
user403 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user404 fillOrder success
user404 cancelOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 cancelOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user327 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 cancelOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user405 fillOrder success
user226 cancelOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user407 cancelOrder success
user406 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user407 cancelOrder success
user392 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user407 fillOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user327 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user403 cancelOrder success
user403 cancelOrder success
user403 fillOrder success
user403 fillOrder success
user403 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user398 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder fail
user387 fillOrder success
user387 fillOrder success
user347 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user347 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user408 cancelOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user409 cancelOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user408 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user410 fillOrder success
user410 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user410 fillOrder fail
user410 fillOrder success
user410 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user411 fillOrder success
user398 cancelOrder success
user412 fillOrder success
user410 fillOrder success
user388 cancelOrder success
user413 cancelOrder success
user410 fillOrder fail
user411 fillOrder success
user414 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user414 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user415 fillOrder success
user416 cancelOrder success
user227 cancelOrder success
user409 cancelOrder success
user417 fillOrder success
user409 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user417 cancelOrder success
user417 cancelOrder success
user417 cancelOrder success
user362 cancelOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user357 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user357 cancelOrder success
user418 fillOrder success
user418 fillOrder success
user418 fillOrder fail
user418 fillOrder fail
user389 fillOrder success
user419 fillOrder success
user420 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user255 cancelOrder success
user421 fillOrder success
user371 fillOrder success
user422 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user261 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user273 fillOrder success
user273 fillOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user406 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user376 cancelOrder success
user423 cancelOrder success
user423 cancelOrder success
user424 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user426 fillOrder success
user427 cancelOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user365 cancelOrder success
user428 fillOrder success
user429 cancelOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user107 fillOrder success
user107 fillOrder success
user389 fillOrder fail
user431 fillOrder success
user431 fillOrder success
user431 fillOrder success
user107 fillOrder success
user107 fillOrder success
user107 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user398 cancelOrder success
user398 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user432 cancelOrder success
user432 fillOrder success
user433 cancelOrder success
user434 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user435 cancelOrder success
user435 cancelOrder success
user435 cancelOrder success
user436 cancelOrder success
user410 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user437 fillOrder success
user437 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user299 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user436 cancelOrder success
user432 cancelOrder success
user432 fillOrder success
user127 cancelOrder success
user432 fillOrder success
user432 fillOrder success
user127 cancelOrder success
user439 fillOrder success
user439 fillOrder fail
user439 fillOrder success
user440 fillOrder success
user440 fillOrder fail
user411 cancelOrder success
user441 fillOrder success
user437 fillOrder success
user357 cancelOrder success
user437 cancelOrder success
user442 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user396 cancelOrder success
user437 cancelOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user411 cancelOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user411 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder success
user436 cancelOrder success
user444 fillOrder success
user307 fillOrder success
user445 fillOrder success
user413 cancelOrder success
user446 fillOrder success
user446 fillOrder success
user357 cancelOrder success
user447 cancelOrder success
user447 cancelOrder success
user376 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user107 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user448 fillOrder success
user449 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user190 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user411 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder success
user413 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder success
user199 fillOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user204 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user451 cancelOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user452 cancelOrder success
user239 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user286 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user330 cancelOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user242 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user127 fillOrder fail
user127 fillOrder success
user453 cancelOrder success
user453 cancelOrder success
user454 fillOrder success
user454 fillOrder success
user454 fillOrder success
user454 fillOrder success
user455 cancelOrder fail
user455 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder fail
user179 fillOrder success
user455 fillOrder fail
user455 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user398 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user398 cancelOrder success
user455 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user398 fillOrder success
user398 fillOrder success
user456 cancelOrder success
user456 cancelOrder success
user456 cancelOrder success
user456 fillOrder success
user457 cancelOrder success
user458 cancelOrder success
user459 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder fail
user34 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user459 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder fail
user127 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user460 batchFillOrders success
user460 batchFillOrders success
user430 cancelOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder fail
user127 fillOrder success
user380 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user461 cancelOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user204 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user363 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user92 fillOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user92 fillOrder success
user92 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user458 cancelOrder success
user463 fillOrder success
user464 cancelOrder success
user464 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder fail
user20 fillOrder fail
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user134 fillOrdersUpTo success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user134 fillOrdersUpTo success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user465 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user180 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user466 cancelOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user243 fillOrder success
user389 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder fail
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder fail
user184 fillOrder fail
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder fail
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 fillOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user290 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user420 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder fail
user185 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user179 fillOrdersUpTo success
user180 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user134 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user180 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user134 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user467 cancelOrder success
user467 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrdersUpTo success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrdersUpTo success
user183 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user468 cancelOrder success
user282 cancelOrder success
user34 cancelOrder success
user469 cancelOrder success
user470 fillOrder success
user470 fillOrder success
user406 cancelOrder success
user467 cancelOrder success
user467 cancelOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user312 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder fail
user450 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user413 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user450 cancelOrder success
user471 fillOrder success
user176 batchFillOrders success
user176 batchFillOrders success
user471 fillOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user243 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user472 cancelOrder success
user472 cancelOrder success
user473 fillOrder success
user474 fillOrder success
user474 cancelOrder success
user474 cancelOrder success
user467 fillOrder success
user475 cancelOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user474 fillOrder success
user474 cancelOrder success
user474 fillOrder success
user474 cancelOrder success
user465 cancelOrder success
user441 cancelOrder success
user476 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user477 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user71 cancelOrder success
user478 fillOrder success
user243 fillOrder success
user243 fillOrder success
user243 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user229 fillOrder success
user458 cancelOrder success
user199 fillOrder success
user414 fillOrder success
user449 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrder success
user441 cancelOrder success
user480 cancelOrder success
user480 cancelOrder success
user384 cancelOrder success
user371 fillOrder fail
user371 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user481 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user444 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder fail
user482 cancelOrder success
user414 fillOrder success
user483 fillOrder success
user483 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user484 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user34 cancelOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder fail
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user120 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user226 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user486 fillOrder success
user487 cancelOrder success
user486 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user486 fillOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user185 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user184 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrder success
user299 cancelOrder success
user299 cancelOrder success
user299 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user249 fillOrder success
user488 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user199 fillOrder success
user467 cancelOrder success
user467 fillOrder success
user490 fillOrder success
user491 cancelOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user213 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user388 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user493 cancelOrder success
user494 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user493 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder fail
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 cancelOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user236 fillOrder success
user495 cancelOrder success
user495 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user351 cancelOrder success
user351 cancelOrder success
user496 fillOrder success
user497 cancelOrder success
user497 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user230 fillOrder success
user498 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user499 cancelOrder success
user286 cancelOrder success
user468 cancelOrder success
user500 fillOrder fail
user500 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder fail
user500 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user230 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user166 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user502 cancelOrder success
user497 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user497 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user450 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user501 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user501 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user430 cancelOrder success
user430 fillOrder success
user503 fillOrder success
user442 fillOrder success
user442 fillOrder success
user249 cancelOrder success
user504 fillOrder success
user505 fillOrder success
user505 fillOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user132 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 cancelOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrdersUpTo success
user183 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user488 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo success
user506 fillOrder success
user506 cancelOrder success
user402 fillOrdersUpTo success
user500 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 cancelOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user508 cancelOrder success
user287 fillOrder success
user509 fillOrder success
user509 fillOrder success
user509 fillOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrdersUpTo success
user266 fillOrder success
user511 fillOrder success
user310 cancelOrder success
user512 cancelOrder success
user513 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user514 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user503 cancelOrder success
user503 cancelOrder success
user515 fillOrder success
user515 fillOrder success
user516 cancelOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user517 fillOrder success
user486 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user519 cancelOrder success
user520 fillOrdersUpTo success
user385 fillOrdersUpTo success
user521 fillOrder success
user517 cancelOrder success
user522 cancelOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user458 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrdersUpTo success
user523 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user413 fillOrder success
user486 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user488 cancelOrder success
user488 fillOrdersUpTo success
user488 fillOrdersUpTo success
user34 fillOrder success
user488 cancelOrder success
user414 fillOrder success
user524 fillOrdersUpTo success
user525 fillOrder success
user506 cancelOrder success
user506 cancelOrder fail
user526 fillOrder success
user527 fillOrder success
user526 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user528 fillOrder success
user529 fillOrdersUpTo success
user529 fillOrdersUpTo success
user530 fillOrdersUpTo success
user389 cancelOrder success
user530 cancelOrder success
user530 cancelOrder success
user531 cancelOrder success
user532 cancelOrder success
user445 cancelOrder success
user445 cancelOrder success
user445 cancelOrder success
user445 cancelOrder success
user445 cancelOrder success
user445 cancelOrder success
user533 fillOrdersUpTo success
user413 fillOrder success
user534 fillOrder success
user534 fillOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user536 cancelOrder success
user525 fillOrder success
user537 cancelOrder success
user537 cancelOrder success
user537 fillOrder success
user537 cancelOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user538 fillOrder success
user539 cancelOrder success
user539 fillOrder success
user539 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user539 fillOrder success
user540 fillOrder success
user179 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo success
user34 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user541 fillOrder success
user542 fillOrder success
user458 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 cancelOrder success
user535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrder success
user535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user511 cancelOrder success
user511 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user543 fillOrder success
user540 fillOrder success
user540 fillOrder success
user465 fillOrder success
user465 cancelOrder success
user465 fillOrder success
user465 fillOrder success
user540 fillOrder success
user540 fillOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user544 fillOrdersUpTo success
user544 fillOrder success
user544 fillOrder fail
user544 fillOrder fail
user544 fillOrder success
user544 fillOrdersUpTo success
user543 cancelOrder success
user545 cancelOrder success
user545 cancelOrder success
user545 fillOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user546 fillOrder success
user546 fillOrder success
user546 fillOrder success
user506 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user520 fillOrdersUpTo success
user520 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 fillOrder success
user546 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user547 fillOrder success
user547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user546 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user547 fillOrder fail
user133 fillOrder success
user525 fillOrder success
user548 cancelOrder success
user548 fillOrder success
user548 cancelOrder success
user548 fillOrdersUpTo success
user266 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user549 fillOrder success
user500 cancelOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user550 fillOrdersUpTo success
user550 fillOrder success
user550 fillOrder success
user550 fillOrdersUpTo success
user20 fillOrder success
user550 fillOrder success
user535 fillOrder success
user551 fillOrder success
user552 cancelOrder success
user553 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user465 fillOrder success
user535 cancelOrder success
user535 cancelOrder success
user554 fillOrder success
user526 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user555 fillOrder success
user556 fillOrder success
user556 fillOrder success
user556 fillOrder success
user556 fillOrder success
user556 fillOrder success
user556 cancelOrder success
user525 fillOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user474 fillOrder success
user524 cancelOrder success
user524 fillOrdersUpTo success
user557 fillOrder success
user538 fillOrder success
user558 fillOrdersUpTo success
user559 fillOrder success
user560 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user561 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user563 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user564 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user564 fillOrder success
user564 fillOrder success
user564 fillOrder success
user564 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user550 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user546 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user458 cancelOrder success
user81 fillOrder success
user565 cancelOrder success
user565 cancelOrder success
user566 cancelOrder success
user81 fillOrder success
user567 cancelOrder success
user550 fillOrder success
user550 fillOrder success
user550 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user568 fillOrder success
user551 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user257 cancelOrder success
user81 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user569 fillOrdersUpTo success
user81 fillOrder success
user570 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user525 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user564 cancelOrder success
user564 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user570 cancelOrder success
user570 cancelOrder success
user550 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder fail
user293 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user443 cancelOrder success
user443 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user570 fillOrder success
user196 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user571 cancelOrder success
user571 cancelOrder success
user571 fillOrdersUpTo success
user571 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user572 fillOrder fail
user425 fillOrder success
user81 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user574 cancelOrder success
user574 cancelOrder success
user574 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user81 fillOrder success
user81 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user460 batchFillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user558 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user575 fillOrdersUpTo success
user575 fillOrder success
user575 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user576 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user577 fillOrder success
user513 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user572 fillOrder success
user486 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user578 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user441 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user579 cancelOrder success
user579 fillOrder success
user579 fillOrder success
user580 cancelOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user579 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user488 fillOrdersUpTo success
user488 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 cancelOrder success
user488 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user486 fillOrder success
user486 fillOrder success
user581 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user570 fillOrder success
user582 fillOrder success
user571 fillOrder success
user571 fillOrder success
user571 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user35 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user192 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder fail
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user583 fillOrder success
user583 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user585 fillOrdersUpTo success
user425 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user586 cancelOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user588 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user589 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user548 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user590 cancelOrder success
user591 cancelOrder success
user591 cancelOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user591 fillOrdersUpTo success
user591 fillOrdersUpTo success
user592 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user593 cancelOrder success
user213 cancelOrder success
user213 fillOrder success
user584 cancelOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user594 cancelOrder success
user595 cancelOrder success
user595 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user176 batchFillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user143 batchFillOrders success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user143 batchFillOrders success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user143 batchFillOrders success
user596 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user143 batchFillOrders success
user185 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user574 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user597 fillOrder success
user252 batchFillOrders success
user597 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 cancelOrder success
user598 cancelOrder success
user599 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user598 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder fail
user600 cancelOrder success
user600 cancelOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user584 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user601 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user381 cancelOrder success
user381 fillOrder success
user381 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user602 fillOrder success
user602 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user603 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user598 cancelOrder success
user598 fillOrder success
user598 fillOrder success
user598 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user604 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user605 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user196 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 cancelOrder success
user465 cancelOrder success
user465 cancelOrder success
user465 fillOrder success
user606 batchFillOrders success
user291 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder fail
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user607 cancelOrder success
user607 fillOrder success
user607 fillOrder success
user607 cancelOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user443 fillOrder success
user592 cancelOrder success
user608 fillOrder success
user609 fillOrder success
user610 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user465 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user225 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user425 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user595 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder fail
user611 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user225 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user487 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user612 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user570 fillOrder success
user613 cancelOrder success
user613 cancelOrder success
user613 cancelOrder success
user613 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user613 fillOrder success
user613 fillOrder success
user613 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user613 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user614 fillOrder success
user615 fillOrdersUpTo success
user614 fillOrder success
user614 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user613 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user616 fillOrder success
user616 fillOrder success
user616 fillOrder success
user557 fillOrder success
user557 fillOrder success
user557 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user616 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user564 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user443 cancelOrder success
user443 cancelOrder success
user443 cancelOrder success
user569 fillOrdersUpTo success
user569 fillOrdersUpTo success
user569 fillOrdersUpTo success
user617 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user446 fillOrder success
user613 fillOrder success
user446 fillOrder success
user446 fillOrder success
user446 fillOrder fail
user446 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user618 cancelOrder success
user618 fillOrder success
user618 fillOrder success
user618 fillOrder success
user618 fillOrder success
user618 cancelOrder success
user618 cancelOrder success
user618 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user465 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user619 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user611 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user620 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user573 fillOrder success
user621 cancelOrder success
user621 cancelOrder success
user619 fillOrdersUpTo success
user622 fillOrder success
user623 fillOrder success
user623 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user621 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user624 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user591 cancelOrder success
user591 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder fail
user600 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user196 cancelOrder success
user625 fillOrdersUpTo success
user559 fillOrder success
user613 fillOrder success
user613 fillOrder success
user626 cancelOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user613 fillOrdersUpTo success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user591 cancelOrder success
user613 fillOrdersUpTo success
user624 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user627 cancelOrder success
user627 cancelOrder success
user252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user127 fillOrder fail
user127 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user310 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user628 cancelOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user629 fillOrder success
user629 cancelOrder success
user196 cancelOrder success
user127 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user20 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user630 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user631 fillOrder success
user631 fillOrder success
user631 fillOrder success
user628 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user632 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user175 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user426 fillOrder success
user426 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user426 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user633 fillOrdersUpTo success
user193 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user450 fillOrder success
user634 fillOrder success
user310 fillOrder success
user310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user180 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user634 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user508 cancelOrder success
user636 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user175 cancelOrder success
user636 fillOrder success
user175 fillOrder success
user637 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user638 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user639 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user640 cancelOrder success
user640 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder fail
user596 fillOrder fail
user641 cancelOrder success
user175 cancelOrder success
user642 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user642 fillOrdersUpTo success
user643 cancelOrder success
user643 cancelOrder success
user643 cancelOrder success
user643 cancelOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user643 cancelOrder success
user643 cancelOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user638 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user641 cancelOrder success
user641 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder fail
user247 fillOrder fail
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user569 fillOrder fail
user569 fillOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user194 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user645 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user646 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user647 cancelOrder success
user647 cancelOrder success
user647 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder fail
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user365 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user649 fillOrder success
user649 cancelOrder success
user650 cancelOrder success
user650 cancelOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder fail
user611 fillOrder fail
user651 fillOrder fail
user184 fillOrder success
user651 fillOrder fail
user651 fillOrder success
user651 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user651 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user651 fillOrder success
user641 cancelOrder success
user641 fillOrder success
user641 fillOrder success
user641 fillOrder success
user641 fillOrder success
user641 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user652 fillOrder success
user651 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user243 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder fail
user617 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder fail
user615 cancelOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user644 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user652 fillOrder success
user652 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder fail
user654 cancelOrder success
user196 cancelOrder success
user655 cancelOrder success
user174 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user656 fillOrder success
user656 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user657 cancelOrder success
user657 cancelOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user658 fillOrder success
user659 cancelOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user660 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user663 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user664 fillOrdersUpTo success
user644 fillOrder success
user663 fillOrder success
user665 fillOrder success
user666 fillOrder success
user667 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user459 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user663 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user657 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder fail
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user657 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user466 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user653 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user669 fillOrdersUpTo success
user624 cancelOrder success
user669 fillOrdersUpTo success
user617 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder fail
user507 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user670 fillOrdersUpTo success
user506 fillOrder fail
user506 fillOrder success
user671 fillOrdersUpTo success
user671 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder fail
user425 fillOrder success
user672 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user654 cancelOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user657 fillOrder success
user657 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user673 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user657 cancelOrder success
user657 fillOrder success
user657 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder fail
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user664 fillOrdersUpTo success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user411 fillOrdersUpTo success
user217 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user674 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user675 fillOrder fail
user183 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user674 fillOrder success
user674 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder fail
user592 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder fail
user592 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user236 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user675 fillOrder fail
user466 cancelOrder success
user466 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user466 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user677 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user677 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user678 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user596 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user679 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user466 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user466 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user674 fillOrder success
user674 fillOrder success
user674 fillOrder fail
user674 fillOrder success
user674 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user663 fillOrder fail
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user681 fillOrdersUpTo success
user681 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user681 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user425 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user684 fillOrdersUpTo success
user683 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrdersUpTo success
user683 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user617 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user685 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user686 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user683 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user687 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 cancelOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user688 fillOrdersUpTo success
user688 fillOrdersUpTo success
user688 fillOrdersUpTo success
user559 fillOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrdersUpTo success
user166 fillOrdersUpTo success
user559 fillOrder success
user689 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user689 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user690 fillOrdersUpTo success
user691 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user690 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user692 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user693 cancelOrder success
user691 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user693 fillOrdersUpTo success
user693 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user514 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user694 cancelOrder success
user695 fillOrder success
user696 fillOrder success
user569 fillOrder success
user692 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user252 fillOrder success
user252 cancelOrder success
user252 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user571 fillOrder success
user571 fillOrder success
user571 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user697 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user698 fillOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user687 fillOrdersUpTo success
user699 fillOrder success
user699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user571 fillOrder success
user501 fillOrder success
user681 cancelOrder success
user681 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user700 cancelOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrdersUpTo success
user662 fillOrder success
user681 cancelOrder success
user681 cancelOrder success
user213 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user701 fillOrdersUpTo success
user702 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user703 fillOrder success
user704 cancelOrder success
user704 fillOrder success
user704 fillOrder success
user704 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user705 cancelOrder success
user705 cancelOrder success
user705 cancelOrder success
user705 cancelOrder success
user706 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user707 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user702 fillOrder success
user708 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user709 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user702 fillOrder success
user710 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user560 cancelOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user711 cancelOrder success
user712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user347 fillOrdersUpTo success
user455 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user713 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user714 fillOrder success
user683 fillOrder success
user715 cancelOrder success
user716 fillOrdersUpTo success
user717 fillOrder success
user717 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 fillOrder fail
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user718 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user326 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user719 fillOrder fail
user720 cancelOrder success
user719 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user719 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user166 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder fail
user196 fillOrder success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user722 fillOrdersUpTo success
user723 fillOrder success
user723 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user719 fillOrder success
user719 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user558 fillOrder success
user720 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user720 fillOrder success
user720 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user672 fillOrdersUpTo success
user672 fillOrdersUpTo success
user558 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user387 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder fail
user662 fillOrder success
user692 cancelOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user633 cancelOrder success
user712 cancelOrder success
user712 fillOrder success
user712 fillOrder fail
user712 cancelOrder success
user702 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user533 fillOrder fail
user712 fillOrder success
user533 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user184 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user533 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder fail
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder fail
user682 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user725 fillOrder success
user725 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user726 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder fail
user682 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user665 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user727 fillOrdersUpTo success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user568 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user568 cancelOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user728 fillOrdersUpTo success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user698 fillOrdersUpTo success
user729 fillOrdersUpTo success
user166 cancelOrder success
user166 cancelOrder success
user721 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user721 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder fail
user680 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user648 fillOrder success
user704 fillOrder success
user692 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user682 fillOrder success
user730 fillOrdersUpTo success
user731 fillOrder success
user731 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user675 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder fail
user668 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user712 cancelOrder success
user712 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user568 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 cancelOrder success
user132 fillOrder fail
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user662 fillOrdersUpTo success
user185 fillOrder success
user721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user506 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user734 fillOrder success
user734 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user633 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user732 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user732 fillOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user735 cancelOrder success
user735 fillOrder success
user736 fillOrdersUpTo success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user568 cancelOrder success
user356 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user738 fillOrdersUpTo success
user712 cancelOrder success
user712 fillOrder success
user739 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user740 fillOrdersUpTo success
user741 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user633 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user732 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user671 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user741 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user742 cancelOrder success
user741 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user236 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user712 fillOrder success
user426 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user743 fillOrder success
user743 fillOrder success
user743 fillOrder success
user743 fillOrder success
user743 fillOrder fail
user374 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user744 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user745 cancelOrder success
user745 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user746 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user747 fillOrder success
user747 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user748 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user749 fillOrdersUpTo success
user702 fillOrder success
user749 fillOrdersUpTo success
user749 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user750 batchFillOrders success
user750 batchFillOrders success
user518 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user702 fillOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user225 fillOrder success
user702 fillOrdersUpTo success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user752 cancelOrder success
user753 fillOrdersUpTo success
user753 fillOrder success
user753 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user753 fillOrder success
user753 fillOrder success
user753 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user753 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user755 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user756 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user757 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user747 fillOrder success
user753 fillOrder success
user758 fillOrder success
user753 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user759 fillOrder fail
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user760 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user742 cancelOrder success
user706 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user748 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user664 fillOrder success
user761 cancelOrder success
user761 cancelOrder success
user664 fillOrder success
user762 fillOrdersUpTo success
user217 fillOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user763 cancelOrder success
user762 fillOrdersUpTo success
user692 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user764 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user765 fillOrdersUpTo success
user765 cancelOrder success
user765 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user766 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user217 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user769 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user770 cancelOrder success
user771 cancelOrder success
user748 fillOrder success
user770 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user772 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user773 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user179 fillOrder success
user774 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user772 cancelOrder success
user772 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user769 cancelOrder success
user769 cancelOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user775 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user776 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user777 fillOrder success
user777 fillOrder success
user778 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user779 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user780 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user779 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user777 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user777 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user202 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user202 fillOrder success
user202 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user774 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user781 cancelOrder success
user781 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user782 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user679 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user783 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user713 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user784 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user785 cancelOrder success
user786 cancelOrder success
user786 cancelOrder success
user785 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user785 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user786 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user785 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user785 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user573 fillOrder success
user787 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user787 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user788 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user787 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user789 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user266 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user702 fillOrder success
user790 fillOrder success
user702 fillOrder success
user790 fillOrder success
user790 fillOrder success
user791 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user778 fillOrder success
user777 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user792 fillOrder success
user777 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user793 cancelOrder success
user793 cancelOrder success
user793 cancelOrder success
user793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user794 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user795 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user796 fillOrdersUpTo success
user795 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user797 cancelOrder success
user797 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user797 cancelOrder success
user797 cancelOrder success
user797 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder fail
user680 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user753 fillOrder success
user798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user799 fillOrder success
user760 cancelOrder success
user760 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user573 fillOrder success
user760 fillOrdersUpTo success
user800 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user800 fillOrder fail
user800 fillOrder fail
user180 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user179 fillOrder success
user800 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user801 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user802 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user803 cancelOrder success
user803 cancelOrder success
user804 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user713 fillOrder success
user805 fillOrdersUpTo success
user805 fillOrdersUpTo success
user806 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user805 fillOrdersUpTo success
user143 cancelOrder success
user805 fillOrdersUpTo success
user142 batchFillOrders success
user142 batchFillOrders success
user807 fillOrder success
user808 fillOrder success
user808 fillOrder success
user807 fillOrder success
user805 fillOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user809 fillOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user314 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user314 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user810 fillOrder success
user810 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user812 fillOrder success
user812 fillOrder success
user761 fillOrder success
user761 fillOrder success
user707 cancelOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user813 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user814 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user817 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user818 fillOrder success
user818 cancelOrder success
user819 fillOrdersUpTo success
user815 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user820 cancelOrder success
user820 cancelOrder success
user820 cancelOrder success
user820 cancelOrder success
user820 cancelOrder success
user820 cancelOrder success
user820 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user804 cancelOrder success
user804 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user821 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user822 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user823 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user306 fillOrder success
user665 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user824 fillOrdersUpTo success
user825 fillOrdersUpTo success
user824 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user795 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user826 fillOrdersUpTo success
user826 fillOrdersUpTo success
user826 fillOrdersUpTo success
user827 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user827 fillOrder success
user828 fillOrder success
user827 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user829 cancelOrder success
user829 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user826 fillOrdersUpTo success
user830 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user831 cancelOrder success
user831 cancelOrder success
user831 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user832 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user592 cancelOrder success
user592 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user179 cancelOrder success
user179 cancelOrder success
user179 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user179 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user833 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user834 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user835 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user836 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user761 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user837 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user386 fillOrder success
user837 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user838 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user386 cancelOrder success
user386 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user791 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user839 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user840 cancelOrder success
user840 fillOrder success
user841 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user818 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user631 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user842 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user843 fillOrder success
user839 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user839 fillOrdersUpTo success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user803 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user844 fillOrder success
user680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user845 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user807 fillOrder success
user807 fillOrder success
user784 cancelOrder success
user845 cancelOrder success
user845 fillOrder success
user846 fillOrder success
user847 fillOrder success
user847 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user793 fillOrder success
user848 fillOrder success
user849 fillOrder success
user793 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user266 fillOrdersUpTo success
user462 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user462 fillOrder success
user290 fillOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo success
user462 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrdersUpTo success
user266 fillOrdersUpTo success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user266 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user462 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 cancelOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user850 cancelOrder success
user850 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user851 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user851 fillOrder success
user852 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user728 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user853 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user724 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user832 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user856 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user856 fillOrder success
user856 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user856 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user857 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user818 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user858 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user860 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrdersUpTo success
user860 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user600 fillOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user671 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user861 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user840 fillOrder success
user862 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user807 cancelOrder success
user807 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user769 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user858 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user863 fillOrder success
user863 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user864 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user865 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user839 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user868 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user868 fillOrder success
user868 fillOrder fail
user728 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user869 cancelOrder success
user869 cancelOrder success
user869 cancelOrder success
user870 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user761 fillOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user870 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user872 fillOrder success
user873 fillOrder success
user874 fillOrder success
user693 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user693 fillOrdersUpTo success
user693 fillOrdersUpTo success
user693 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user876 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user877 cancelOrder success
user877 cancelOrder success
user877 cancelOrder success
user877 cancelOrder success
user877 cancelOrder success
user877 cancelOrder success
user878 fillOrder success
user878 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user880 fillOrdersUpTo success
user880 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user861 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo success
user181 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 cancelOrder success
user881 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user868 fillOrder success
user868 fillOrder success
user868 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user882 fillOrder success
user882 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user496 fillOrder fail
user496 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user883 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user883 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user884 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user884 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user885 batchFillOrders success
user886 fillOrder success
user887 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user885 batchFillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user891 cancelOrder success
user166 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user892 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user878 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user893 cancelOrder success
user884 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user884 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user894 fillOrder success
user894 fillOrdersUpTo success
user894 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user895 fillOrdersUpTo success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user896 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user297 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user897 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user881 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user898 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user485 fillOrder success
user858 fillOrder success
user899 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user900 cancelOrder success
user900 fillOrdersUpTo success
user658 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user196 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user902 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user891 cancelOrder success
user902 cancelOrder success
user728 fillOrder success
user891 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user891 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user891 fillOrder fail
user891 cancelOrder success
user891 fillOrder success
user679 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user903 fillOrder success
user810 fillOrder success
user166 cancelOrder success
user903 cancelOrder success
user166 cancelOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user181 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user903 cancelOrder success
user904 cancelOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user905 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user903 cancelOrder success
user176 batchFillOrders success
user903 fillOrdersUpTo success
user580 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user235 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user263 cancelOrder success
user903 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user903 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user906 cancelOrder success
user906 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user761 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user907 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user908 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user909 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user656 fillOrdersUpTo success
user559 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user728 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user910 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user910 fillOrder success
user911 fillOrder success
user912 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user910 fillOrder success
user913 fillOrder success
user911 fillOrder success
user911 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user914 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder fail
user894 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user132 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user181 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user888 cancelOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user890 fillOrder success
user886 cancelOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user713 fillOrder success
user713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user888 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user888 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user916 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user917 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user918 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user919 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user920 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user921 fillOrder fail
user921 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user496 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user922 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user916 cancelOrder success
user916 cancelOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user922 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user924 fillOrdersUpTo success
user600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user925 fillOrder success
user925 fillOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user780 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user894 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user450 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user185 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user926 cancelOrder success
user926 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user927 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user929 fillOrdersUpTo success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user930 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user931 cancelOrder success
user931 fillOrder success
user930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user761 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user837 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user837 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user935 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user936 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user937 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user877 fillOrder fail
user320 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user877 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user938 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user938 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user938 fillOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user934 fillOrdersUpTo success
user934 cancelOrder success
user600 fillOrder success
user938 fillOrder success
user901 fillOrder success
user877 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user939 fillOrder success
user939 fillOrder fail
user939 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user940 fillOrder success
user939 fillOrder success
user939 fillOrder success
user939 fillOrder success
user941 fillOrder success
user939 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user942 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user942 fillOrder success
user942 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user942 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user183 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user944 fillOrder success
user944 fillOrder success
user944 fillOrder fail
user944 fillOrder success
user875 cancelOrder success
user943 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user920 cancelOrder success
user945 fillOrder success
user679 fillOrdersUpTo success
user925 fillOrder success
user945 fillOrder success
user945 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user946 cancelOrder success
user946 fillOrder success
user947 cancelOrder success
user946 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user569 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user946 fillOrder success
user947 fillOrder success
user947 fillOrder success
user911 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user924 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user924 fillOrdersUpTo success
user924 fillOrdersUpTo success
user948 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user949 fillOrder success
user949 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user450 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user950 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder fail
user951 fillOrder success
user952 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user953 fillOrder success
user952 fillOrdersUpTo success
user952 fillOrdersUpTo success
user951 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder fail
user951 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user952 fillOrdersUpTo success
user952 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user955 cancelOrder success
user956 cancelOrder success
user956 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user702 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user957 fillOrder success
user858 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user958 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user943 fillOrder success
user959 cancelOrder success
user960 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user217 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user861 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user861 fillOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user861 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user489 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user961 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user962 fillOrder success
user962 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user291 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user946 fillOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user964 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user965 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user966 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user870 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user966 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user870 fillOrder success
user870 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user967 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user124 fillOrdersUpTo success
user843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user968 fillOrder success
user969 fillOrdersUpTo success
user970 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user971 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user518 cancelOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user956 cancelOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user972 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user973 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user959 cancelOrder success
user959 cancelOrder success
user959 cancelOrder success
user974 fillOrder success
user974 fillOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user976 fillOrder success
user976 fillOrder success
user745 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user975 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user861 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user724 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user979 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user979 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user979 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user980 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user982 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user983 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user985 cancelOrder success
user986 fillOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user986 fillOrder success
user986 fillOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user986 fillOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user986 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user976 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user977 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user983 cancelOrder success
user983 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user983 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user988 cancelOrder success
user988 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user839 cancelOrder success
user839 cancelOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user989 fillOrdersUpTo success
user963 cancelOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user942 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user990 fillOrdersUpTo success
user990 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder fail
user942 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user931 cancelOrder success
user931 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user942 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user818 cancelOrder success
user931 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user942 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user991 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user992 cancelOrder success
user992 cancelOrder success
user992 cancelOrder success
user992 cancelOrder success
user992 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user942 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user942 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user993 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user993 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder success
user994 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user995 fillOrdersUpTo success
user993 fillOrder success
user888 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user991 cancelOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user993 fillOrder success
user915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user996 fillOrder success
user997 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user942 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user998 fillOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user999 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user998 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user993 fillOrder success
user997 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user993 fillOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user997 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1000 fillOrder success
user1000 fillOrder success
user1000 fillOrder success
user991 fillOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user1001 cancelOrder success
user991 fillOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user1001 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1004 fillOrder success
user1004 fillOrder fail
user1005 fillOrdersUpTo success
user226 fillOrder success
user1006 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user997 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1008 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1009 fillOrder success
user861 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user1004 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user904 fillOrder success
user1012 cancelOrder success
user1013 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user904 fillOrder success
user1012 fillOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user997 fillOrder success
user1014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user226 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user974 fillOrder success
user904 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user976 fillOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user926 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1016 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user995 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1017 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user926 fillOrder success
user926 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user997 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1020 fillOrder fail
user1020 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrdersUpTo success
user863 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1017 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user863 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user1021 cancelOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user1017 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user920 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1022 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1023 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1025 fillOrder success
user1025 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder fail
user1021 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1027 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1028 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user698 fillOrder success
user863 fillOrder success
user1028 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1027 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1028 fillOrdersUpTo success
user569 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user518 fillOrder success
user1029 cancelOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1029 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1030 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1032 fillOrder success
user1032 fillOrder success
user1033 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1033 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1034 fillOrder success
user1035 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user756 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1036 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user997 fillOrder success
user1038 cancelOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1001 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1040 fillOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1042 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1032 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user1001 fillOrder success
user1043 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user1045 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1047 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1032 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user818 fillOrder success
user1032 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrdersUpTo success
user978 fillOrder success
user1048 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1049 cancelOrder success
user213 fillOrder success
user1050 fillOrder success
user1049 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user213 cancelOrder success
user657 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1042 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1051 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1051 fillOrder fail
user1003 fillOrder success
user1052 fillOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user704 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1053 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user997 fillOrder success
user1042 fillOrder success
user1054 cancelOrder success
user1054 cancelOrder success
user1054 cancelOrder success
user1054 cancelOrder success
user1054 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1055 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1056 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1032 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1051 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user1057 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user1029 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1058 fillOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user185 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user1059 fillOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1060 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1061 fillOrder success
user1016 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user1062 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1046 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user1051 fillOrder success
user1063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1016 fillOrder success
user1016 fillOrder fail
user1044 fillOrder success
user1056 fillOrder success
user1044 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1062 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1051 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1061 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1064 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user968 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1064 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1065 cancelOrder success
user1063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user226 fillOrder success
user1066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user980 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user1067 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user320 fillOrder success
user1067 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1021 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1056 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user971 fillOrder success
user1068 cancelOrder success
user496 cancelOrder success
user1069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1070 fillOrder success
user1069 fillOrder success
user1035 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user644 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1071 cancelOrder success
user1071 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1056 fillOrder success
user1066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user71 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user496 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1039 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user943 fillOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user1013 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1072 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user664 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1074 fillOrder success
user1075 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user1035 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1076 fillOrder success
user1017 fillOrder success
user1056 fillOrder success
user1077 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1056 fillOrder success
user1076 fillOrder fail
user1075 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1076 fillOrder success
user1078 cancelOrder success
user1078 fillOrder success
user1006 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrdersUpTo success
user992 fillOrder success
user992 fillOrder success
user992 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1076 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1079 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder fail
user849 fillOrder success
user992 fillOrder fail
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user992 fillOrder fail
user1078 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1080 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1081 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1054 fillOrder success
user992 fillOrder success
user1054 fillOrder success
user1054 fillOrder success
user1054 fillOrder success
user1054 fillOrder success
user1080 fillOrder success
user1054 fillOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1081 fillOrder success
user894 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user894 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1083 cancelOrder success
user1083 fillOrder success
user932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1085 cancelOrder success
user1086 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1087 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1087 fillOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user1088 fillOrder success
user1089 fillOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1089 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1091 cancelOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user1092 fillOrder success
user1089 cancelOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1093 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user886 cancelOrder success
user1058 fillOrder fail
user1091 cancelOrder success
user1091 fillOrder success
user1091 fillOrder fail
user1058 fillOrder success
user979 fillOrdersUpTo success
user226 fillOrder success
user756 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 fillOrder success
user756 fillOrdersUpTo success
user756 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1096 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user950 cancelOrder success
user950 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1096 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user1097 fillOrder success
user1097 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user1097 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user611 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1032 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user1098 fillOrder success
user1099 fillOrder fail
user1100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user174 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1101 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1099 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder fail
user1019 fillOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user1102 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user818 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user818 fillOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1085 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user818 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1066 fillOrder success
user1104 fillOrder success
user1066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1018 fillOrder success
user713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user250 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user518 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user263 cancelOrder success
user1063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1105 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1106 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1106 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1018 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1102 fillOrder success
user1102 fillOrder fail
user438 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1107 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1106 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user1108 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user460 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1109 fillOrdersUpTo success
user713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user300 cancelOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user1110 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user665 fillOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user978 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1111 fillOrder success
user671 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1112 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1113 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1114 cancelOrder success
user1115 fillOrdersUpTo success
user918 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1102 fillOrder success
user1116 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1119 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1119 fillOrdersUpTo success
user171 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1120 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user1121 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1122 fillOrder success
user1043 cancelOrder success
user1123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user1006 fillOrder success
user1107 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1097 fillOrder success
user559 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user1124 fillOrder success
user1125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user611 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1104 cancelOrder success
user1126 cancelOrder fail
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user611 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder fail
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder fail
user171 cancelOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user171 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1071 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1128 fillOrder success
user1077 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1128 fillOrder fail
user1094 fillOrder success
user1129 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1130 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1131 cancelOrder success
user188 fillOrder success
user1130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user893 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user665 cancelOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user188 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user1018 fillOrder success
user1025 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1030 fillOrder success
user1132 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1134 fillOrder fail
user1134 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder fail
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1136 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user1134 fillOrder success
user1132 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user912 fillOrder success
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo success
user889 fillOrder success
user912 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user1137 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1135 cancelOrder success
user1135 cancelOrder success
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1139 cancelOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user1135 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1139 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1135 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1140 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1141 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1135 cancelOrder success
user1135 cancelOrder success
user1135 cancelOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user1135 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1051 fillOrder success
user1135 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1135 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1135 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1142 fillOrder success
user1143 cancelOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder fail
user1041 fillOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1017 fillOrder success
user1144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1145 fillOrder success
user1144 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1093 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1146 cancelOrder success
user1146 cancelOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1093 fillOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user1144 fillOrder success
user1146 cancelOrder success
user1093 fillOrder success
user174 cancelOrder fail
user1093 fillOrder success
user1147 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1035 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1093 fillOrder success
user1058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1148 fillOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user1096 fillOrder success
user275 fillOrder success
user1147 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1149 fillOrder success
user1150 fillOrder success
user1151 fillOrder success
user1150 fillOrder success
user1058 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1058 cancelOrder success
user1035 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1142 fillOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user1152 fillOrder success
user712 cancelOrder success
user1040 fillOrder success
user1152 cancelOrder success
user1153 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1154 cancelOrder success
user1040 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1109 cancelOrder success
user1109 cancelOrder success
user1155 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1156 cancelOrder success
user1156 cancelOrder success
user1041 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1151 fillOrder success
user1063 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1151 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1132 fillOrder success
user1157 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1025 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1158 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1063 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user1012 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1159 cancelOrder success
user1159 cancelOrder success
user1109 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1109 cancelOrder success
user1109 cancelOrder success
user1158 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1160 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1161 cancelOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user1102 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1162 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user978 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user989 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1161 cancelOrder success
user1161 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user184 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user518 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1158 fillOrder success
user1164 cancelOrder success
user1164 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1164 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user978 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1165 fillOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1119 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1166 cancelOrder success
user1167 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1168 fillOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user1169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1132 fillOrder success
user1170 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1093 fillOrder fail
user893 cancelOrder success
user1032 fillOrder success
user1093 fillOrder success
user1151 fillOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1171 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user893 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1172 cancelOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1173 fillOrder success
user1173 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder fail
user1174 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user843 fillOrder success
user1175 fillOrder fail
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1176 cancelOrder success
user1177 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user1178 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user982 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1170 fillOrder success
user1179 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1180 cancelOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1134 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1182 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1183 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1184 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1183 fillOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1185 cancelOrder success
user1186 fillOrdersUpTo success
user223 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1187 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user310 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user1090 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user1035 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1105 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1174 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1082 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1189 fillOrder fail
user1190 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1191 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1192 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user850 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1190 fillOrder success
user850 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user850 fillOrdersUpTo success
user894 cancelOrder success
user1182 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user1111 cancelOrder success
user1109 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1164 fillOrder success
user1194 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1194 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1189 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1132 fillOrder success
user1189 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1195 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1196 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1196 cancelOrder success
user1090 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1121 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1197 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1198 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user1164 fillOrder success
user1200 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1200 fillOrdersUpTo success
user920 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user1201 fillOrdersUpTo success
user920 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1201 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1006 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1202 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1203 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1204 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1205 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1203 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1202 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1206 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1207 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1208 cancelOrder success
user1208 cancelOrder success
user1207 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1209 cancelOrder success
user1210 fillOrder success
user1208 cancelOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1211 fillOrder success
user1211 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1209 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1096 fillOrder success
user1213 fillOrder success
user1025 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1209 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1211 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1207 fillOrder fail
user1207 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1214 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user1215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1216 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1216 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1109 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1109 fillOrder success
user1109 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1217 fillOrder success
user1217 fillOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user1218 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1217 fillOrder success
user1217 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1158 fillOrder success
user1219 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1220 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1221 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user980 fillOrder success
user1222 cancelOrder success
user1223 fillOrder success
user1224 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user982 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user656 fillOrder success
user615 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1225 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user1000 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1174 fillOrder success
user1000 fillOrder success
user615 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1227 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1000 fillOrder success
user1228 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1229 fillOrder success
user1000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user968 fillOrder success
user968 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user915 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user982 fillOrder success
user1230 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1191 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user962 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1231 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user1231 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1233 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user931 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1158 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1073 fillOrder success
user962 fillOrder success
user1235 cancelOrder success
user769 cancelOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user962 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder fail
user1236 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user1237 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1238 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user1237 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1240 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1239 fillOrder success
user1167 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1241 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user1242 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1243 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1243 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1233 fillOrdersUpTo success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1244 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1244 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1245 fillOrder fail
user1026 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user952 cancelOrder success
user1112 cancelOrder success
user1231 cancelOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1179 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user1158 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user1112 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1233 fillOrdersUpTo success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1158 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user614 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1242 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user614 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1213 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user1246 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1247 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder fail
user866 fillOrder success
user938 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user938 fillOrder success
user1249 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1051 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1250 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1174 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user133 cancelOrder success
user1250 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1051 fillOrder fail
user1100 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1039 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user596 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user460 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user668 fillOrder success
user1252 fillOrder fail
user1253 fillOrder success
user1254 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1010 fillOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1246 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1254 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1088 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user1256 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1252 fillOrder fail
user217 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1174 fillOrder success
user1254 fillOrdersUpTo success
user668 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1088 fillOrder success
user1253 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1115 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user751 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1051 fillOrder success
user1256 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1257 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1258 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1115 cancelOrder success
user1259 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1179 fillOrder success
user1258 fillOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user1260 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user1261 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder fail
user1262 fillOrder fail
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1261 fillOrder success
user1179 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1263 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user217 fillOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1246 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user712 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1246 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 fillOrder success
user1264 fillOrder success
user1258 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user1261 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1179 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user1265 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user1102 fillOrder success
user1266 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1267 fillOrder success
user1268 fillOrder success
user1258 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user1115 fillOrder fail
user1010 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1258 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1270 fillOrder fail
user1271 fillOrdersUpTo success
user893 cancelOrder success
user1272 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1268 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1270 fillOrder success
user1266 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1273 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1019 fillOrder success
user1051 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1266 fillOrder success
user1274 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1275 fillOrder success
user179 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1159 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1268 fillOrder success
user1266 cancelOrder success
user466 fillOrder success
user1037 fillOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user1276 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1162 fillOrder success
user1102 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1276 cancelOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1238 cancelOrder success
user1277 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1278 fillOrder success
user1279 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user1280 cancelOrder success
user1025 fillOrder success
user1025 fillOrder fail
user1127 fillOrder success
user1129 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1281 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user1025 fillOrder success
user1278 fillOrder success
user1282 fillOrder success
user1276 cancelOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1276 cancelOrder success
user1283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1272 cancelOrder success
user1276 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1276 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1282 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user1284 fillOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1285 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1220 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1287 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1284 fillOrder success
user1288 fillOrder success
user1289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user160 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user1289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1272 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1290 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1024 fillOrder success
user952 fillOrder success
user1291 fillOrder success
user1289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1292 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user893 fillOrder success
user1293 cancelOrder success
user1294 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1293 cancelOrder success
user1294 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1293 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user614 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user768 fillOrder success
user614 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user614 fillOrder fail
user355 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user355 fillOrder success
user614 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1295 cancelOrder success
user1225 fillOrder fail
user1225 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1296 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1229 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder fail
user1127 fillOrder success
user1292 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1298 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1298 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1197 fillOrder success
user1299 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user1275 fillOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1293 cancelOrder success
user913 fillOrder success
user1248 cancelOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1301 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user952 fillOrder success
user1302 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user982 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrdersUpTo success
user413 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user1102 cancelOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1303 cancelOrder success
user1102 fillOrdersUpTo success
user761 fillOrder success
user761 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user1300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1304 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1305 fillOrder success
user1306 cancelOrder success
user1306 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user952 fillOrder success
user952 fillOrdersUpTo success
user889 cancelOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1307 fillOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user1111 fillOrder success
user1308 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user413 fillOrder success
user1310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1308 fillOrder success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1311 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user920 cancelOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user1312 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user1312 fillOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user1312 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user1197 fillOrder success
user996 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1314 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1312 cancelOrder success
user1315 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user893 fillOrder success
user893 fillOrder fail
user1084 fillOrder success
user1006 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1148 fillOrder success
user1317 fillOrder success
user1318 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1319 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user474 fillOrder success
user979 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user979 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1321 fillOrder success
user979 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user1318 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1322 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1113 fillOrder success
user1113 fillOrder success
user1323 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user989 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1115 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1252 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1324 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1325 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user952 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1326 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1319 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user71 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1129 cancelOrder success
user917 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1327 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1328 fillOrder success
user1328 fillOrder success
user1328 fillOrder success
user1328 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1327 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user749 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1330 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1330 fillOrder success
user1174 fillOrder success
user1331 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1252 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1073 fillOrder success
user761 fillOrder success
user1238 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user312 cancelOrder success
user1324 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1325 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user769 fillOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user483 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1324 fillOrder fail
user923 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1332 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user982 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1124 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1333 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1333 fillOrder success
user1333 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrder success
user1293 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1238 cancelOrder success
user1293 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1334 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1111 fillOrder success
user1335 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1336 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1002 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1337 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1258 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1258 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1338 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1196 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user1340 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1147 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1258 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1341 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1342 fillOrder success
user1342 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1343 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1345 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder fail
user501 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user501 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1346 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1347 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1348 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1081 fillOrder fail
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1081 fillOrder fail
user1349 fillOrdersUpTo success
user859 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1350 fillOrder success
user1350 fillOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user1081 fillOrder success
user1351 cancelOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user1351 cancelOrder success
user859 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1255 fillOrder success
user1352 fillOrder success
user1353 cancelOrder success
user1339 fillOrder success
user1081 fillOrder success
user1292 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1354 cancelOrder success
user1355 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1303 fillOrder success
user1356 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1356 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1357 fillOrder success
user1358 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1025 fillOrder success
user1359 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder fail
user1225 fillOrder success
user1320 cancelOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user1356 fillOrder success
user248 fillOrder success
user602 fillOrder success
user1358 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1360 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1049 fillOrder success
user1095 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1332 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1207 fillOrder success
user1363 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user1364 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1124 fillOrder success
user1365 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user602 fillOrder success
user1168 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1358 fillOrder success
user886 cancelOrder success
user1029 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1025 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1332 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1118 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1305 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1256 fillOrder success
user1300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1366 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1197 fillOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1367 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1256 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1207 fillOrder fail
user661 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1368 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1369 fillOrder success
user1300 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1367 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1370 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1118 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1331 fillOrder success
user1300 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1127 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1300 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1319 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1371 fillOrder success
user1331 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1372 cancelOrder success
user1360 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1258 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder fail
user1373 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1373 cancelOrder success
user1374 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user133 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1011 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1102 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1319 fillOrder success
user1375 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user1262 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1088 fillOrder success
user1366 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1040 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1373 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1084 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user466 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user894 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user226 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1320 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1376 cancelOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user466 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1366 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user1212 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1331 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1262 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1212 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1262 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1262 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user432 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1377 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1378 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1317 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user931 fillOrder success
user586 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1360 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1224 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1379 cancelOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user931 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user931 fillOrder success
user1380 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1319 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1381 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1372 cancelOrder success
user1372 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1380 cancelOrder success
user1379 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1319 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user1319 fillOrder fail
user1319 fillOrder fail
user1084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1382 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user987 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1383 fillOrder fail
user1319 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder fail
user987 fillOrder fail
user1383 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1255 fillOrder fail
user1373 fillOrder fail
user1255 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1385 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1385 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1373 fillOrder fail
user1084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1386 cancelOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1373 fillOrder fail
user1044 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1373 fillOrder fail
user875 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1347 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1387 cancelOrder fail
user1373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user1387 cancelOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1367 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1388 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1383 fillOrder success
user1339 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1255 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1225 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1132 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1225 fillOrder fail
user982 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1068 cancelOrder success
user1132 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1225 fillOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1389 cancelOrder fail
user1094 fillOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user1225 fillOrder fail
user1389 fillOrder fail
user1262 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user466 fillOrder success
user1389 fillOrder fail
user1225 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder fail
user1003 fillOrder fail
user794 fillOrder fail
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user1232 fillOrder fail
user1232 cancelOrder fail
user320 cancelOrder fail
user794 fillOrder fail
user737 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder fail
user1010 fillOrder success
user1391 cancelOrder fail
user226 cancelOrder fail
user1094 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1392 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user1255 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1379 fillOrder fail
user320 cancelOrder success
user1229 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1392 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1229 fillOrder fail
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1387 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user1395 cancelOrder success
user1319 fillOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1396 cancelOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1229 fillOrder success
user1387 fillOrdersUpTo success
user668 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user917 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1397 fillOrder success
user1111 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1398 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user226 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user226 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1026 fillOrder success
user1399 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1400 cancelOrder success
user1401 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1402 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user1401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1336 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1201 fillOrder success
user1182 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1182 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user875 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1404 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user875 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user71 fillOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user791 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1405 fillOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1406 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1405 fillOrder success
user1406 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1021 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1407 fillOrder fail
user1408 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user1409 cancelOrder success
user1407 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1300 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1300 cancelOrder success
user1410 cancelOrder success
user1357 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1395 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1411 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1413 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1300 fillOrder success
user1370 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1414 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1415 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1416 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1284 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user1412 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrder fail
user1084 fillOrder success
user1412 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1417 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1418 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user679 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user679 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1040 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user602 cancelOrder success
user1417 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1419 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1414 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1284 fillOrder success
user1372 cancelOrder success
user1284 fillOrder success
user1400 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1400 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1284 fillOrder success
user1400 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1420 cancelOrder success
user1372 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1372 cancelOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1283 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user1421 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1283 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1421 fillOrder success
user1421 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1421 fillOrder success
user1040 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1220 fillOrder success
user1422 fillOrder success
user1324 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1423 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1423 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1424 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1425 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1427 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1428 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1429 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1429 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1383 fillOrder success
user1333 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1429 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1428 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user1005 cancelOrder success
user1430 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1430 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1430 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1002 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1431 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1432 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1432 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1433 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1392 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1434 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1434 cancelOrder success
user1435 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1255 fillOrder success
user1435 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1434 fillOrder success
user1436 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1437 fillOrder fail
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1438 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1040 fillOrder success
user1423 cancelOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1439 cancelOrder success
user679 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1124 fillOrder success
user1311 fillOrder success
user1311 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1005 cancelOrder success
user1440 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1441 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1135 fillOrder success
user1005 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1442 fillOrder success
user1443 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1437 fillOrder fail
user1443 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1437 fillOrder fail
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1445 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1321 fillOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1439 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1446 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1370 cancelOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1447 fillOrder success
user1448 cancelOrder success
user1449 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1450 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user1451 fillOrder success
user1452 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1453 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1356 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1241 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1319 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user1454 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user810 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1429 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1455 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user726 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1449 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user726 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1456 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1455 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1320 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user466 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1457 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1458 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1406 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user1459 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1460 cancelOrder success
user1460 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1461 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1461 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1461 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1462 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1463 fillOrder fail
user1463 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1464 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1465 fillOrdersUpTo success
user679 fillOrder success
user1464 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1154 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user1466 fillOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user761 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1467 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1467 fillOrder success
user1468 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user975 fillOrder success
user1469 fillOrdersUpTo success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user975 fillOrder success
user1230 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user665 fillOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1470 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1470 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1449 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1449 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1471 fillOrdersUpTo success
user464 cancelOrder success
user464 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1472 fillOrder success
user1339 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1473 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user1434 fillOrder fail
user1434 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user875 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user213 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user213 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1115 cancelOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user1474 fillOrder success
user1115 cancelOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user1474 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1475 fillOrder fail
user1373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1475 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1476 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1474 fillOrder success
user1476 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1475 fillOrder fail
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1476 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1475 fillOrder success
user1475 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1073 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1447 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1270 fillOrder success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1478 cancelOrder fail
user1479 cancelOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user1340 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1480 fillOrder success
user1480 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1481 fillOrder success
user1081 cancelOrder success
user1081 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1482 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1403 fillOrder fail
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1403 fillOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user981 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1483 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1484 fillOrder success
user1484 fillOrder success
user1480 cancelOrder success
user1480 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1164 fillOrder success
user1480 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1480 fillOrder success
user1480 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1480 fillOrder fail
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1485 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1486 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1486 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1487 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1488 fillOrder success
user1488 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1489 cancelOrder success
user818 cancelOrder success
user1481 cancelOrder success
user1481 fillOrder success
user665 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user1490 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1018 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1491 cancelOrder success
user665 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1492 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1490 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1356 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1493 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1492 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user665 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1495 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1496 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1496 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1188 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1320 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1498 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1205 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1085 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1493 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user1499 fillOrdersUpTo success
user768 fillOrder success
user1371 fillOrder success
user1498 fillOrdersUpTo success
user768 fillOrder success
user1498 cancelOrder success
user1463 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1464 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1473 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1464 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1205 fillOrder success
user1463 fillOrder fail
user1500 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1170 fillOrder success
user1461 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1501 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1498 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1500 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1498 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1498 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1312 cancelOrder success
user1081 cancelOrder success
user1312 cancelOrder success
user1501 fillOrder success
user1501 fillOrder success
user1463 fillOrder success
user475 cancelOrder success
user1469 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1463 fillOrder success
user962 cancelOrder success
user962 cancelOrder success
user1436 cancelOrder success
user1502 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user43 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1503 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user835 fillOrdersUpTo success
user835 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1327 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1504 fillOrder success
user1216 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1024 fillOrder success
user886 cancelOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user1505 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1505 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1507 fillOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1508 fillOrder success
user1412 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user1509 fillOrder fail
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1044 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1040 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user886 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1510 fillOrder success
user1512 cancelOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user964 fillOrder success
user1305 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1513 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1040 fillOrder success
user1321 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user751 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user1442 fillOrder success
user751 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1514 cancelOrder success
user1515 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1084 fillOrder success
user1040 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1392 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1392 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1516 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1517 fillOrder success
user1517 fillOrder success
user1518 cancelOrder success
user1392 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1321 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1321 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1520 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1520 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1321 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1520 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1520 cancelOrder success
user1522 fillOrder success
user1523 batchFillOrders success
user1319 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1524 fillOrder success
user1524 fillOrder success
user1524 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1524 fillOrder success
user1524 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user929 cancelOrder success
user1525 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1526 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1526 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1527 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1526 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1527 cancelOrder success
user1310 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1392 fillOrder success
user1526 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1310 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1310 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1528 fillOrder success
user1310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1529 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1021 fillOrder success
user1528 fillOrder success
user1528 fillOrder success
user1182 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1526 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1527 fillOrder success
user1514 cancelOrder success
user1526 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1514 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1527 cancelOrder success
user597 fillOrder success
user1529 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1530 cancelOrder success
user1531 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1530 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1532 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1527 cancelOrder success
user1533 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1533 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1534 cancelOrder success
user1480 fillOrder success
user1376 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1513 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1187 cancelOrder success
user1031 fillOrder success
user1535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1533 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user1535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1040 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1040 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1537 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1216 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1538 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user768 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1509 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1540 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1541 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1541 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1499 fillOrder success
user1535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1541 fillOrder success
user1542 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1541 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user1291 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user1187 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1541 fillOrder success
user1541 fillOrder success
user1291 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user921 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1018 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1355 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1044 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1197 fillOrder success
user1543 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1544 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1154 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user955 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1003 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user1512 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1010 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1545 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1100 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1546 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1546 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1536 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1536 cancelOrder success
user1481 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1544 cancelOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user1245 fillOrdersUpTo success
user768 fillOrder success
user1245 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1469 fillOrdersUpTo success
user844 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user1550 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1551 cancelOrder success
user527 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1552 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1554 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1546 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1555 fillOrder success
user1556 cancelOrder success
user1557 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1555 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1556 fillOrder success
user1127 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1558 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user886 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user751 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1557 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1559 fillOrder success
user1245 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1560 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1561 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1377 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user496 fillOrder fail
user1557 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1562 cancelOrder success
user1557 fillOrder success
user1557 fillOrder fail
user1563 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1564 fillOrder success
user1545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1564 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1562 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1562 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1564 cancelOrder success
user1545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user925 fillOrder success
user1557 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user291 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1567 fillOrdersUpTo success
user925 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1557 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user928 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1568 fillOrder fail
user1278 fillOrder success
user1568 fillOrder fail
user1569 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1563 cancelOrder success
user1167 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1569 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1570 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user1570 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1571 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1571 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1572 cancelOrder success
user1570 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrder success
user1573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1105 fillOrder success
user1573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1278 cancelOrder success
user1563 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1563 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1046 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1574 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrder success
user1575 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1480 fillOrder success
user1576 fillOrder success
user1576 cancelOrder success
user1499 fillOrder success
user1576 fillOrder success
user1133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1324 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1488 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1488 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1499 fillOrder success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1577 fillOrder success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user1488 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1011 fillOrder success
user1578 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1578 fillOrder success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user1579 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1471 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1578 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user1552 cancelOrder success
user1552 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user226 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1424 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1580 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1581 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1582 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user1488 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1227 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1394 fillOrder success
user859 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1437 fillOrder fail
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1584 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user1582 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1227 cancelOrder success
user761 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user1580 fillOrder success
user1300 fillOrder success
user1100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1437 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1437 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1300 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user1585 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1582 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1582 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1541 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1580 fillOrder success
user1585 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1171 cancelOrder success
user1583 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1582 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1586 cancelOrder success
user1080 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1587 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1130 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user1418 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1333 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1589 cancelOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1590 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1130 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1591 fillOrder success
user1592 cancelOrder success
user1488 fillOrder success
user1505 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1590 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1593 fillOrder fail
user1593 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1594 fillOrder success
user1595 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1595 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1443 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 cancelOrder success
user1596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1595 fillOrder success
user1568 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user468 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1597 fillOrder success
user1598 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1598 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1538 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1598 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1538 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1598 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1278 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user438 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1278 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1599 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1601 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user473 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user1600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1278 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1441 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user473 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1604 cancelOrder success
user1604 cancelOrder success
user1604 cancelOrder success
user1604 cancelOrder success
user728 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1604 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user468 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1124 fillOrder success
user1605 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user266 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder fail
user1605 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1606 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1605 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1607 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user300 cancelOrder success
user1325 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1576 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1475 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1469 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1333 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1414 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1488 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1227 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1609 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1493 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1610 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1582 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1610 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1582 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1589 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1595 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1612 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user968 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1111 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1613 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user1583 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 fillOrder success
user968 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user1583 fillOrder success
user1403 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1403 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user1608 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1080 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1614 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1394 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1614 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1597 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1608 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user664 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user265 fillOrdersUpTo success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1615 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1615 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1615 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1615 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1615 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1241 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1617 fillOrder success
user1618 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1618 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1597 fillOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user968 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1018 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1589 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1238 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1619 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1541 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1565 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1601 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1620 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1620 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1621 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1238 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1238 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1622 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1623 cancelOrder success
user768 cancelOrder success
user1623 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1624 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1278 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1625 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1626 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1627 fillOrder success
user1601 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1601 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1601 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1628 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user1622 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1297 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1601 fillOrder success
user1601 fillOrder fail
user1601 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user951 fillOrder success
user1629 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1629 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1630 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1631 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1631 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1632 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1633 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1634 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1412 cancelOrder success
user1633 cancelOrder success
user1633 cancelOrder success
user1633 cancelOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1632 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1632 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1635 fillOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1636 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1637 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1638 fillOrder success
user1638 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1638 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user780 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user492 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1062 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1597 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1582 fillOrder success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1582 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1582 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user848 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1639 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1639 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user438 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1406 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1601 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1481 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1394 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1641 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1642 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1643 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1644 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1646 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1646 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user769 fillOrder success
user1647 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1648 cancelOrder success
user1648 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1481 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1481 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1649 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user1643 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1187 fillOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1421 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1421 fillOrder success
user1647 fillOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1611 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1650 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1651 fillOrder success
user1650 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1650 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1652 cancelOrder success
user1653 fillOrder success
user1654 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1655 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1655 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1655 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1656 fillOrder success
user1655 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1651 fillOrder success
user1651 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1656 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1657 cancelOrder success
user1657 cancelOrder success
user1658 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1658 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1659 fillOrder success
user1659 fillOrder fail
user1659 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1660 cancelOrder success
user1660 cancelOrder success
user1628 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1655 fillOrder success
user1660 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1628 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1100 fillOrder success
user1661 fillOrder success
user1661 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1663 cancelOrder success
user1664 fillOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1663 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1534 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1664 fillOrder success
user1664 fillOrder success
user1534 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1534 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1346 fillOrder success
user1666 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1667 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1664 fillOrder success
user1628 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1668 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1668 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1669 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1670 fillOrder success
user1669 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1669 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user1671 fillOrder success
user1672 cancelOrder success
user1673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1246 fillOrder success
user1624 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1674 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1672 fillOrder success
user1675 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1246 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1675 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1674 fillOrdersUpTo success
user567 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1676 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1677 cancelOrder success
user1677 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1678 fillOrder success
user1679 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1678 cancelOrder success
user1678 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1679 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1678 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1678 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1667 fillOrder success
user1678 fillOrder success
user1624 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1678 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1678 fillOrder success
user1667 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1680 fillOrder fail
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1543 fillOrder success
user1680 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1680 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1412 fillOrder success
user1639 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1681 fillOrder success
user1682 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1682 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1639 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1624 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1683 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1684 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1685 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1062 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1042 fillOrder success
user1393 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1614 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1686 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1687 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1687 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user483 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1200 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1688 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1199 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1199 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1199 cancelOrder success
user1199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1689 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1199 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1690 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1199 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1314 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1204 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1313 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user1662 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user1657 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user1691 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user1692 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1692 fillOrder success
user1692 fillOrder success
user894 cancelOrder success
user1692 fillOrder success
user1692 fillOrder success
user1692 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1693 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1694 cancelOrder success
user1694 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1695 fillOrder success
user1696 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1697 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1617 fillOrder success
user1617 fillOrder success
user1621 fillOrder success
user1698 fillOrder success
user1698 fillOrder success
user1699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user485 cancelOrder success
user1700 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1700 cancelOrder success
user1701 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1700 cancelOrder success
user1700 cancelOrder success
user1700 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1702 fillOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user597 fillOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1703 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1692 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1705 fillOrder success
user1706 fillOrder success
user1706 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1703 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1707 fillOrder success
user1708 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1709 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1621 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1711 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user231 fillOrder success
user231 fillOrder success
user1690 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1713 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1713 cancelOrder success
user1713 cancelOrder success
user1713 cancelOrder success
user1713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user993 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1714 cancelOrder success
user1714 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user993 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1715 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1717 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder fail
user1718 cancelOrder success
user1716 fillOrder success
user954 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1719 fillOrder success
user1720 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1720 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1658 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1062 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1333 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder fail
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1721 cancelOrder success
user1062 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1695 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1721 fillOrder success
user1062 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user1722 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1723 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1725 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1726 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1727 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1621 cancelOrder success
user1621 cancelOrder success
user1728 fillOrder success
user1718 cancelOrder success
user1716 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user1729 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1716 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1621 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1716 cancelOrder success
user1728 cancelOrder success
user1716 fillOrder success
user1728 cancelOrder success
user1716 fillOrder success
user1716 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1728 cancelOrder success
user1728 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1728 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1730 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1731 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1587 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1732 cancelOrder success
user1733 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user483 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1734 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1587 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1735 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1736 fillOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1658 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user1291 fillOrder success
user1737 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1738 fillOrder success
user1739 cancelOrder success
user1739 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1622 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user485 cancelOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1652 cancelOrder success
user1740 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1736 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1740 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user977 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1568 fillOrder success
user1741 fillOrdersUpTo success
user894 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1743 cancelOrder success
user1744 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1744 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1745 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1744 cancelOrder success
user1746 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1744 cancelOrder success
user1747 fillOrder success
user1744 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1744 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1650 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1749 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1750 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1744 fillOrder success
user1750 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1751 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1750 fillOrder success
user1751 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1744 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1752 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1753 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1744 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1753 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1752 fillOrdersUpTo success
user859 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user277 fillOrder success
user1744 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1744 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1744 fillOrder success
user1754 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1754 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1291 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1618 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1313 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1755 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1756 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1756 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1756 fillOrder success
user1756 fillOrder success
user1757 cancelOrder success
user1757 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1759 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1760 fillOrder success
user887 cancelOrder success
user887 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1628 fillOrder success
user1628 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user189 cancelOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1761 cancelOrder success
user1762 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1764 cancelOrder success
user1732 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1765 fillOrder success
user1766 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1746 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1767 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1768 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1769 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1770 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1770 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1746 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1771 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1772 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1509 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1773 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user838 cancelOrder success
user665 fillOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user894 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1766 fillOrder success
user1722 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1766 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1774 fillOrder success
user1775 cancelOrder success
user1775 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1776 fillOrder success
user986 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1777 cancelOrder success
user1777 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1778 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1778 fillOrder success
user1739 cancelOrder success
user1766 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1750 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1665 cancelOrder success
user1770 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1448 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1448 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1780 fillOrder success
user1780 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1778 fillOrder success
user1781 cancelOrder success
user1729 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1781 fillOrdersUpTo success
user837 fillOrder fail
user510 fillOrder success
user1778 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user1395 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1778 fillOrder success
user1778 fillOrder success
user1778 fillOrder fail
user894 cancelOrder success
user1778 fillOrder success
user1778 fillOrder fail
user1778 fillOrder fail
user1782 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1778 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1783 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1784 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1785 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1767 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1755 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1786 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1787 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user1784 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1788 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1789 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1790 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user1791 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1788 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1792 fillOrder success
user1791 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user1793 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user1794 fillOrder success
user1791 fillOrdersUpTo success
user462 fillOrder success
user1793 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1696 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1413 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1013 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1413 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1413 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1795 cancelOrder success
user496 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user496 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user413 fillOrder success
user1413 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1789 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1395 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1795 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1796 cancelOrder success
user1395 cancelOrder success
user1742 cancelOrder success
user1796 cancelOrder success
user1796 cancelOrder success
user1796 cancelOrder success
user1796 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1742 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1797 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1797 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1230 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1798 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1742 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1799 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1798 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1801 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1798 cancelOrder success
user1798 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user1801 fillOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1801 fillOrder success
user838 cancelOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1802 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1803 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1801 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1804 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user894 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1805 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1802 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1806 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1806 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1807 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user1806 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user1808 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1809 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1810 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user266 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1360 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1812 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1813 cancelOrder success
user1813 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1814 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1787 cancelOrder success
user1598 cancelOrder success
user1755 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1598 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1815 fillOrder success
user1816 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1817 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1818 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1819 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1820 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1820 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user1819 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1819 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1821 cancelOrder success
user1822 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1823 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1823 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1824 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1823 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1825 fillOrder success
user1826 cancelOrder success
user1827 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1828 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user1828 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1829 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1828 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1829 fillOrder success
user1830 cancelOrder success
user1830 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1828 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1831 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1831 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1830 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user1831 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user1832 fillOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user1707 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1707 cancelOrder success
user1245 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1697 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1834 cancelOrder success
user1835 fillOrder success
user1685 cancelOrder success
user1115 fillOrder success
user1552 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1834 fillOrder success
user1552 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1834 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user1177 cancelOrder success
user1837 cancelOrder success
user1838 fillOrder success
user1837 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user1133 fillOrder success
user1840 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1840 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1841 cancelOrder success
user1842 cancelOrder success
user1838 fillOrder success
user1133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1838 cancelOrder success
user1843 fillOrder success
user1327 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1807 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user1650 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1440 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1844 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1241 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1757 cancelOrder success
user1241 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1823 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1797 fillOrder success
user1292 fillOrder success
user1845 fillOrder success
user1845 fillOrder success
user1846 fillOrdersUpTo success
user954 cancelOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1847 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1848 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1849 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1850 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user1850 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user1851 fillOrder success
user1852 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user291 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user291 cancelOrder success
user291 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1853 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1797 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1854 cancelOrder success
user1854 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1854 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1854 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user291 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user291 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user838 fillOrder success
user1855 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1856 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user419 fillOrdersUpTo success
user419 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1857 fillOrder success
user1858 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1460 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1665 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1665 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1665 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1859 cancelOrder success
user1859 cancelOrder success
user1859 cancelOrder success
user1859 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user1861 cancelOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user1861 fillOrder success
user1861 fillOrder fail
user1665 fillOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user1862 fillOrder success
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1861 fillOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user1863 fillOrder success
user1864 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1858 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1865 cancelOrder success
user1865 cancelOrder success
user1864 fillOrder success
user1866 cancelOrder success
user1866 fillOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user1620 fillOrder success
user1620 fillOrder success
user1825 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1825 fillOrder fail
user1868 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1868 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1869 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1869 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1868 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1785 fillOrder success
user1785 fillOrder success
user1870 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1870 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1643 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1740 cancelOrder success
user1871 cancelOrder success
user1194 cancelOrder success
user1872 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1873 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1854 cancelOrder success
user1874 fillOrder success
user1874 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user878 fillOrder success
user1875 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1875 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1003 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1876 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1877 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1877 fillOrder success
user1875 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1875 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1826 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1826 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1194 cancelOrder success
user1194 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1509 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1757 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1509 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1880 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user954 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1882 cancelOrder success
user1882 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1882 cancelOrder success
user1882 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1815 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1883 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1864 fillOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1885 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1885 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1886 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1886 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1886 fillOrder success
user1886 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1887 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1888 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1887 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1887 fillOrder success
user1889 cancelOrder success
user1889 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1886 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1886 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1789 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1888 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1888 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1890 fillOrder success
user1891 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1892 fillOrder success
user1893 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1894 fillOrder success
user1895 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1891 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1894 fillOrder success
user1896 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1897 cancelOrder success
user1889 cancelOrder success
user1894 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user419 cancelOrder success
user419 cancelOrder success
user419 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1888 cancelOrder success
user1888 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user1180 fillOrder success
user1180 fillOrder success
user1888 cancelOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user1898 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user1436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1899 fillOrder success
user1899 fillOrder success
user1899 fillOrder success
user1899 fillOrder success
user1900 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1899 fillOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1892 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1888 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1888 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1384 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1902 fillOrder success
user1902 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1902 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1789 cancelOrder success
user1789 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1903 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user1903 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1904 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1906 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1907 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1905 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1908 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1906 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1909 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1283 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1205 cancelOrder success
user1781 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1740 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1740 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user726 cancelOrder success
user726 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1763 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1910 cancelOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user1910 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1911 cancelOrder success
user1911 cancelOrder success
user1911 fillOrder success
user1907 cancelOrder success
user1912 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1913 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1914 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user1826 cancelOrder success
user1900 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1826 cancelOrder success
user1915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1826 cancelOrder success
user1915 fillOrder success
user1916 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1832 fillOrder success
user1917 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1918 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1919 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1920 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1920 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1915 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1915 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1921 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1915 fillOrder success
user1180 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1922 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1924 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1925 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder fail
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1017 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1926 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1481 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1927 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1928 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1928 fillOrder success
user1929 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1930 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1931 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1180 fillOrder success
user1933 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1933 fillOrder success
user1932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1934 fillOrder success
user1932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1933 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1920 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1901 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user1740 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1667 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1667 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrdersUpTo success
user291 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1667 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1667 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user1936 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1937 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1920 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user1938 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1938 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1740 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1740 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder fail
user1939 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1941 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1942 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1943 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1943 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1943 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1943 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1945 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user921 fillOrder success
user1029 cancelOrder success
user1029 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1029 fillOrder success
user871 fillOrder success
user871 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1946 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 cancelOrder success
user871 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 cancelOrder success
user1946 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user1947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1021 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1948 cancelOrder success
user1948 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1182 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1182 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1907 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1839 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1907 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1949 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1950 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1950 fillOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1946 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1951 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1907 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1946 cancelOrder success
user1362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1952 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1953 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1953 cancelOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1954 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1955 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1735 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1955 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1955 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1956 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1957 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1957 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1958 fillOrder success
user1958 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1958 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1709 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1959 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1960 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1962 fillOrder success
user1962 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1963 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1964 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1965 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1965 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1929 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1965 fillOrder success
user1965 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1966 fillOrder success
user1408 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1967 fillOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1968 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1845 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1583 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1839 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1969 fillOrder success
user1970 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user1970 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1971 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user1972 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user871 cancelOrder success
user1261 fillOrder success
user871 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1471 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1471 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1973 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user291 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1727 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1974 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1974 fillOrder success
user1974 fillOrder success
user1975 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1975 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1735 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user626 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1976 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1977 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1735 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1596 cancelOrder success
user1978 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1907 cancelOrder success
user1979 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1980 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1981 fillOrder success
user1982 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user1981 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user419 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1982 cancelOrder success
user1983 cancelOrder success
user1982 cancelOrder success
user1984 cancelOrder success
user1985 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1983 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1982 cancelOrder success
user1982 fillOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1986 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user1980 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1980 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1987 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1987 fillOrder success
user1988 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1989 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1987 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1981 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1985 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1085 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1990 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1991 cancelOrder success
user1984 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1992 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1993 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user995 cancelOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user908 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user908 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1995 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1996 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1995 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1995 cancelOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder fail
user1997 cancelOrder success
user1984 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1935 cancelOrder fail
user1348 fillOrder success
user1997 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1997 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1998 fillOrder success
user1998 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1998 fillOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1982 fillOrder success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user1982 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1309 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user728 fillOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user2001 fillOrder success
user2002 cancelOrder success
user2002 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2002 fillOrder success
user2002 fillOrder fail
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2003 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1782 cancelOrder success
user1782 cancelOrder success
user2004 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2005 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2006 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2007 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1857 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2008 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1857 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1962 fillOrder success
user1781 cancelOrder success
user1998 fillOrder success
user1781 cancelOrder success
user1781 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1781 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2009 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2010 fillOrder success
user2010 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1894 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user1689 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user2011 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2012 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2012 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2012 fillOrder success
user2012 cancelOrder success
user2013 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2013 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2014 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2014 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user840 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2015 cancelOrder success
user1361 cancelOrder success
user840 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2012 fillOrder success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user2012 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2012 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1981 cancelOrder success
user2016 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1981 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2018 fillOrdersUpTo success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2019 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1494 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1354 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1971 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user2020 cancelOrder success
user2021 cancelOrder success
user2022 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user2020 cancelOrder success
user2021 fillOrder fail
user2023 fillOrder success
user2024 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2020 cancelOrder success
user2020 cancelOrder success
user2025 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2020 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1971 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user2023 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2026 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1587 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1587 cancelOrder success
user2027 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user2028 fillOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1737 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1737 cancelOrder success
user2029 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user2030 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1269 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder fail
user954 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1992 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1992 fillOrder success
user1920 cancelOrder success
user1167 cancelOrder success
user2032 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user1234 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2033 fillOrder success
user1920 fillOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2034 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2035 cancelOrder success
user2036 fillOrder success
user2035 cancelOrder success
user2035 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1460 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1936 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2037 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user2037 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2037 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1611 fillOrder success
user1611 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user2022 cancelOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user1839 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1898 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2038 cancelOrder success
user1483 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1898 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1991 fillOrder success
user1991 fillOrder fail
user1947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user562 fillOrder success
user2039 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2040 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1970 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1970 fillOrder success
user2041 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user724 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user1781 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2044 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2045 fillOrder success
user1913 cancelOrder success
user2045 fillOrder success
user2027 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2046 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2047 cancelOrder success
user2047 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2042 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2048 cancelOrder success
user2048 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2049 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2049 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2050 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2051 cancelOrder success
user2051 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1719 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user2052 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user2022 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1894 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2053 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user2054 fillOrdersUpTo success
user266 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2055 fillOrder success
user2055 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2055 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2056 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2056 cancelOrder success
user2057 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1234 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2059 cancelOrder success
user2059 cancelOrder success
user2060 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user2061 cancelOrder success
user2027 fillOrder success
user2062 cancelOrder success
user2063 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2027 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user1232 fillOrder success
user2060 cancelOrder success
user489 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2064 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2061 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1232 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2065 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user917 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1981 fillOrder success
user1981 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1981 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2031 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2066 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2067 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2068 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2068 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2060 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user936 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1740 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user464 cancelOrder success
user2024 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user464 cancelOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2070 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2070 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2070 fillOrder success
user2070 fillOrder success
user1984 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user2071 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1984 fillOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2072 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2072 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2073 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder fail
user889 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1869 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user2074 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2042 fillOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2075 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1511 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1130 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1100 cancelOrder success
user853 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user1100 cancelOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1141 cancelOrder success
user1141 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1141 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1130 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2077 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2078 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1813 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2079 fillOrder success
user2080 cancelOrder success
user1639 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2081 fillOrder success
user2081 fillOrder fail
user1662 cancelOrder success
user2080 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder fail
user2082 cancelOrder success
user2082 cancelOrder success
user2082 cancelOrder success
user2080 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2080 cancelOrder success
user1230 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user2083 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user413 cancelOrder success
user413 cancelOrder success
user1564 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user592 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1813 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1995 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1995 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1538 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2085 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user496 fillOrder success
user2085 fillOrder success
user2085 fillOrder fail
user2058 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2079 cancelOrder success
user2079 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user193 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user193 cancelOrder success
user193 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user193 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user487 cancelOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user1587 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user690 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user690 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user489 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2086 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2086 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user2087 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2088 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user2024 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user2089 cancelOrder success
user2089 cancelOrder success
user2089 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2089 fillOrder success
user2089 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user2089 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user310 fillOrder fail
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2056 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1497 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2088 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user1929 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2090 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2091 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2056 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2088 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2088 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2056 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2056 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2068 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1497 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2088 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user290 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user462 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1995 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1995 fillOrdersUpTo success
user879 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 cancelOrder success
user1995 fillOrdersUpTo success
user879 cancelOrder success
user879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2065 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2092 fillOrder success
user2092 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2093 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2094 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user1593 fillOrder success
user2096 cancelOrder success
user2097 fillOrder success
user2098 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2096 fillOrdersUpTo success
user592 cancelOrder success
user592 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user751 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2093 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user2099 fillOrdersUpTo success
user879 cancelOrder success
user879 cancelOrder success
user2096 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2099 cancelOrder success
user2099 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2100 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1732 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1939 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1732 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2097 fillOrder success
user1675 cancelOrder success
user1732 fillOrder success
user2101 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1732 fillOrder success
user1939 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user289 fillOrder success
user2097 fillOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1939 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2102 fillOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2097 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2096 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1939 fillOrdersUpTo success
user592 fillOrder success
user2066 cancelOrder success
user2056 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2104 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user290 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user2104 fillOrder success
user2104 fillOrder fail
user2104 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2104 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user491 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user592 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2093 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2093 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder fail
user2093 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user180 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1167 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2093 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2106 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2093 fillOrder success
user2107 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2108 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2109 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2056 fillOrder success
user2110 cancelOrder success
user2110 cancelOrder success
user2110 cancelOrder success
user2110 cancelOrder success
user2110 cancelOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user1906 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2111 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder fail
user2111 fillOrder success
user2056 cancelOrder success
user1182 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user661 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2111 fillOrder success
user2111 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2112 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2111 cancelOrder success
user2113 fillOrder success
user2111 fillOrder success
user2114 fillOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user2115 fillOrder success
user2116 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2114 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user2117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user2118 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user670 cancelOrder success
user2119 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2118 cancelOrder success
user2117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2120 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user1639 cancelOrder success
user975 cancelOrder success
user2118 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2118 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2122 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2122 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user600 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1205 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user1205 cancelOrder success
user1464 fillOrder success
user1464 fillOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1464 fillOrder success
user2081 fillOrder success
user2081 fillOrder fail
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2124 cancelOrder success
user2124 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2125 cancelOrder success
user2081 fillOrder success
user1479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2125 fillOrder success
user2090 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2090 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user853 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2126 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1732 fillOrder success
user1205 fillOrder success
user2082 fillOrder success
user2127 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2127 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2128 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user1205 fillOrder success
user223 cancelOrder success
user1740 fillOrdersUpTo success
user160 fillOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1906 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2081 cancelOrder success
user223 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user223 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2129 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2129 fillOrder success
user2130 fillOrdersUpTo success
user223 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1732 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1910 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2131 fillOrder success
user2131 fillOrder success
user461 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2132 fillOrder success
user2132 fillOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user712 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2050 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user1462 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1781 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2051 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2135 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2135 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2090 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2054 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user861 cancelOrder success
user861 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1868 cancelOrder success
user1868 cancelOrder success
user1868 fillOrder success
user1868 fillOrder success
user1868 fillOrder fail
user2136 fillOrder success
user2024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user218 fillOrder success
user2137 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user1894 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user218 cancelOrder success
user2137 cancelOrder success
user2138 fillOrder success
user2139 fillOrder success
user1456 fillOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2140 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2141 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user363 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user363 fillOrder success
user363 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1468 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1658 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1507 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1468 fillOrder success
user1658 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user921 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2142 cancelOrder success
user1080 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2143 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2145 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2066 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1852 cancelOrder success
user1852 cancelOrder success
user1852 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user1852 fillOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user1852 cancelOrder success
user1852 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1843 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2147 fillOrder success
user2147 fillOrder success
user2147 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2148 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2148 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2149 cancelOrder success
user2149 fillOrder success
user2149 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2037 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2150 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2151 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2066 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2152 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2152 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1881 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user1541 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2154 cancelOrder success
user2155 fillOrder success
user2155 cancelOrder success
user2155 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2156 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2156 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2157 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2158 cancelOrder success
user2159 fillOrder success
user1880 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1880 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2159 fillOrder success
user2160 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2161 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2160 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2162 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2162 cancelOrder success
user2163 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user1541 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user171 cancelOrder success
user171 cancelOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user2145 fillOrder success
user218 fillOrder success
user218 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2165 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2110 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user921 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2168 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 fillOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2170 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2172 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2172 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2173 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2174 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2175 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder fail
user2043 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2173 fillOrder success
user2176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2043 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user1769 cancelOrder success
user1327 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2178 fillOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user1337 cancelOrder success
user1337 cancelOrder success
user1337 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1337 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1337 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1337 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2179 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user1549 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2180 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2179 fillOrder success
user1177 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2181 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2181 cancelOrder success
user2181 cancelOrder success
user2180 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1757 cancelOrder success
user573 cancelOrder success
user2082 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1757 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2114 cancelOrder success
user2082 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1752 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2182 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 cancelOrder success
user573 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2183 cancelOrder success
user2184 cancelOrder success
user2183 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2184 cancelOrder success
user2184 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2184 fillOrder fail
user2186 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2184 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrdersUpTo success
user821 cancelOrder success
user821 cancelOrder success
user821 cancelOrder success
user2187 fillOrder success
user821 cancelOrder success
user821 cancelOrder success
user821 cancelOrder success
user2184 fillOrder success
user2188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2187 fillOrder success
user2184 fillOrder fail
user2184 fillOrder success
user2189 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2108 fillOrder success
user860 cancelOrder success
user2190 cancelOrder success
user2190 cancelOrder success
user2190 cancelOrder success
user2191 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2192 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2193 cancelOrder success
user2193 cancelOrder success
user2193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user1974 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2195 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1666 fillOrder success
user2196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2197 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1815 cancelOrder success
user291 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2198 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2200 cancelOrder success
user2200 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2201 fillOrder success
user2199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user2166 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2166 fillOrder success
user2202 cancelOrder success
user2200 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user964 cancelOrder success
user964 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2200 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2156 fillOrdersUpTo success
user620 cancelOrder success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2205 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2031 fillOrder success
user2205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder fail
user2031 fillOrder success
user1530 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2204 fillOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user1530 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2206 cancelOrder success
user2207 cancelOrder success
user2207 cancelOrder success
user2207 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1258 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2209 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2024 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1212 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2121 fillOrder success
user1648 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1507 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1507 fillOrder success
user1507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2210 fillOrder success
user2211 cancelOrder success
user2212 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user2213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2214 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2114 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2114 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2215 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2212 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1351 cancelOrder success
user2070 fillOrder success
user1284 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2216 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2217 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1563 fillOrder success
user1563 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1958 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2218 fillOrder success
user2212 cancelOrder success
user2212 cancelOrder success
user2218 fillOrder success
user2218 fillOrder success
user2218 fillOrder success
user2212 cancelOrder success
user2212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2212 fillOrder success
user2218 fillOrder success
user2218 fillOrder success
user2218 fillOrder success
user2219 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1714 cancelOrder success
user2212 fillOrder success
user1714 cancelOrder success
user2220 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2220 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2220 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2221 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2220 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2222 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2223 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2224 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user2225 cancelOrder success
user2225 fillOrder success
user2225 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1432 fillOrder success
user1409 cancelOrder success
user1409 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1427 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2132 fillOrder success
user2226 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2227 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2229 cancelOrder success
user2230 fillOrder success
user2230 fillOrder fail
user2230 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user1484 cancelOrder success
user363 cancelOrder success
user2223 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2223 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2223 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2231 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2232 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2233 cancelOrder success
user2031 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2147 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1708 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user160 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1073 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2234 cancelOrder success
user2234 cancelOrder success
user2234 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user716 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1901 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1901 cancelOrder success
user1851 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2235 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2235 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2236 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2237 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1901 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user886 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user886 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2238 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder fail
user791 cancelOrder success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user644 fillOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user1639 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user1719 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2240 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2241 fillOrder success
user2242 cancelOrder success
user2242 cancelOrder success
user2242 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2234 cancelOrder success
user2234 cancelOrder success
user2234 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2234 cancelOrder success
user2243 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user952 fillOrder success
user2244 fillOrder success
user2244 fillOrder fail
user1865 cancelOrder success
user1865 cancelOrder success
user1865 cancelOrder success
user2245 fillOrder success
user2081 fillOrder success
user2081 fillOrder success
user2246 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2247 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2245 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2204 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2245 fillOrder success
user2248 fillOrder success
user2248 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2248 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2245 fillOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2245 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1918 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1918 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2251 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1918 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrder success
user2253 fillOrder success
user2253 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2254 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2255 fillOrder success
user2175 fillOrder success
user2256 cancelOrder success
user2255 fillOrder success
user2255 fillOrder success
user2257 cancelOrder success
user2257 cancelOrder success
user2257 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2255 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrdersUpTo success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2258 fillOrder success
user2255 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2259 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user2248 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user2260 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2248 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1072 fillOrder success
user2261 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1072 fillOrder success
user2261 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1426 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2262 fillOrder success
user2002 cancelOrder success
user1757 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user2263 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2262 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1467 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2264 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2265 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2205 cancelOrder success
user2265 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2266 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2267 cancelOrder success
user2267 fillOrder success
user2267 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2267 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2268 cancelOrder success
user2269 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2269 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2175 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2175 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2271 fillOrder success
user1784 cancelOrder success
user2175 fillOrder success
user2175 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1784 cancelOrder success
user1784 cancelOrder success
user124 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2053 fillOrder success
user2272 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2272 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user679 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder fail
user1094 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder fail
user2273 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2273 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2273 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2273 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2167 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1642 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2275 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2275 cancelOrder success
user2276 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user124 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2068 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2276 cancelOrder success
user2276 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2068 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2277 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2068 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2278 cancelOrder success
user2153 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2279 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1971 cancelOrder success
user1971 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2066 fillOrder success
user2066 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1971 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1971 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1971 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2062 cancelOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2062 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2147 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user1330 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2147 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2281 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2267 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2267 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2284 cancelOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user2284 fillOrder success
user2285 fillOrder success
user2286 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2284 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2284 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2191 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1568 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user1704 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2287 fillOrder success
user466 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user466 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1898 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user466 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user2285 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user2064 cancelOrder success
user2064 cancelOrder success
user1354 fillOrder success
user466 cancelOrder success
user2285 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2064 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2064 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1865 cancelOrder success
user1865 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user768 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user889 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2290 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user2291 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1499 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2292 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1340 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user1340 fillOrder success
user2293 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user2253 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder fail
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2294 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1901 cancelOrder success
user1901 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2295 cancelOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user2295 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1971 fillOrder success
user2296 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 cancelOrder success
user2155 cancelOrder success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user1507 cancelOrder success
user1479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2284 cancelOrder success
user2284 cancelOrder success
user2284 cancelOrder success
user903 fillOrder success
user2294 cancelOrder success
user2294 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2085 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user2297 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2298 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2298 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user661 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2300 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2301 fillOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2303 fillOrder success
user2304 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2305 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1881 fillOrder success
user2306 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user665 cancelOrder success
user665 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2307 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2307 fillOrder success
user2307 fillOrder success
user2307 fillOrder success
user2307 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2308 fillOrder success
user2309 cancelOrder success
user2310 fillOrder success
user2310 fillOrder success
user2310 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1748 cancelOrder success
user2309 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2311 cancelOrder success
user2311 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user2311 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2311 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1480 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2282 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2312 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2312 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1883 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1100 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1927 cancelOrder success
user1927 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2314 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user1927 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2282 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1794 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1480 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1927 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1927 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1248 cancelOrder success
user2316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2317 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1642 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2318 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1642 cancelOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user1927 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2320 fillOrder fail
user2058 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2321 cancelOrder success
user2322 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2002 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2065 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2324 fillOrder success
user2065 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2325 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2326 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2068 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2326 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2326 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2327 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2068 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2328 fillOrder success
user2328 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2328 fillOrder success
user2116 fillOrder success
user2328 fillOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user2327 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2280 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user489 fillOrder success
user2328 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2328 fillOrder success
user1205 cancelOrder success
user2328 fillOrder success
user2329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1563 fillOrder success
user2143 cancelOrder success
user1563 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2119 cancelOrder success
user2329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2116 fillOrder fail
user2116 fillOrder success
user2330 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2330 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user2250 cancelOrder success
user2332 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1857 fillOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2333 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2331 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2334 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2335 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1205 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user2336 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2334 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2337 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2337 cancelOrder success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2337 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2338 fillOrder success
user2338 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2339 fillOrdersUpTo success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1205 cancelOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2340 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrdersUpTo success
user676 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1869 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2340 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user2175 fillOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1960 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2341 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1960 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2342 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2343 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2343 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder fail
user1811 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user2345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1810 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2125 cancelOrder success
user2125 cancelOrder success
user1810 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2125 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1255 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user116 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2346 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2346 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2347 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2088 fillOrder success
user2347 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user2348 fillOrder success
user2348 fillOrder success
user2348 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user174 cancelOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2131 fillOrder success
user2131 fillOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1794 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2349 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2349 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2350 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2346 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2351 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2352 cancelOrder success
user2352 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2353 cancelOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1255 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1081 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2355 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1081 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2356 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user771 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder fail
user771 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1813 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2357 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2358 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2358 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2359 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2359 fillOrder success
user2073 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2175 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user2116 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2359 fillOrder success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2275 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2175 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2360 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2361 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2362 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2362 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2363 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2294 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2364 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2337 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2337 fillOrder success
user2337 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2365 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2364 cancelOrder success
user2366 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2121 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user625 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2367 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1205 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user2368 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1648 fillOrdersUpTo success
user896 fillOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1313 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1420 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1864 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user1864 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2369 fillOrder success
user1864 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1864 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1864 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user500 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1935 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1563 fillOrder success
user1563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2371 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1925 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2372 fillOrder success
user2373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2363 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2083 fillOrder success
user1960 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2072 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2374 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2363 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2304 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2375 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user665 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2228 fillOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user1566 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2351 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2351 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2358 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1930 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2031 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2377 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2377 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2377 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2377 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2377 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1724 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2378 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2379 cancelOrder success
user2378 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2380 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2358 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2358 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2066 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1510 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user1643 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2381 cancelOrder success
user2381 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2381 cancelOrder success
user2381 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1910 cancelOrder success
user1910 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2363 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user2382 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2238 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user730 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1091 cancelOrder success
user2383 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user2029 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2384 cancelOrder success
user2385 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2385 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2385 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2384 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2386 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1920 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder fail
user2185 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2387 fillOrder success
user2387 fillOrder success
user2387 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2353 cancelOrder success
user2116 cancelOrder success
user1081 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2384 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2388 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2388 fillOrder success
user2385 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2385 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2384 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2384 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2383 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2389 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2383 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2390 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user2331 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1097 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2208 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2391 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2391 fillOrder fail
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2392 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2392 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2393 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2392 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2392 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2392 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2155 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1010 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2345 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2394 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2395 cancelOrder success
user2395 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2395 cancelOrder success
user2395 cancelOrder success
user2395 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2395 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1563 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2372 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1090 cancelOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2222 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2390 cancelOrder success
user2396 cancelOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user2397 cancelOrder success
user2397 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2140 cancelOrder success
user2396 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2385 cancelOrder success
user2385 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2385 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1666 fillOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1837 fillOrder success
user1666 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1837 fillOrder fail
user1837 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2373 fillOrder success
user2398 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2394 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2398 fillOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2065 fillOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2399 cancelOrder success
user2399 fillOrder success
user2029 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2399 fillOrder success
user2029 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2399 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2391 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2400 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2402 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2403 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2404 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2405 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user143 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user143 cancelOrder success
user592 fillOrdersUpTo success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user592 cancelOrder success
user592 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2407 fillOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user2383 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user899 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2357 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2408 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2409 cancelOrder success
user2410 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2307 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2307 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2398 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2410 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user1138 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2398 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2379 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1097 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 cancelOrder success
user2164 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2024 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2411 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2412 fillOrder fail
user1662 fillOrder success
user2411 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2411 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2413 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2168 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1848 cancelOrder success
user1848 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2414 fillOrder success
user2415 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2392 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2357 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2416 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2417 fillOrder success
user2418 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2418 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2383 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2024 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2418 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user879 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2041 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2420 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2421 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2422 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2423 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2424 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2425 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2143 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2238 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2390 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2345 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2172 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2172 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1616 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1616 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1616 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2426 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1874 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1874 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1906 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1874 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1874 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2389 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1771 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2427 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2406 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2406 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2406 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2161 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user1616 cancelOrder success
user2161 fillOrder success
user2161 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2428 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1494 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2429 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2430 fillOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user241 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2135 fillOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1245 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1245 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2377 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2367 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2433 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user1566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2434 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2417 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2435 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2433 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user1612 cancelOrder success
user1612 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user903 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2437 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2437 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2437 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2438 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2384 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2439 cancelOrder success
user2439 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2433 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user2440 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2439 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2441 cancelOrder success
user2439 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2441 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2400 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1010 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2442 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2442 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2442 cancelOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2442 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2442 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1135 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2444 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2444 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2400 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2400 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2445 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2445 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1748 cancelOrder success
user2445 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2345 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2445 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2446 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2447 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user2448 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2077 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1108 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2209 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2313 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2449 cancelOrder success
user2449 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2175 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2450 fillOrder success
user2175 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1535 fillOrder success
user1535 fillOrder success
user2451 fillOrder success
user2363 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2452 fillOrder success
user2453 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2452 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1535 fillOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2453 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1138 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user867 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user867 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user867 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2454 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2455 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user2345 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2345 cancelOrder success
user1742 fillOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2457 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user2434 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2458 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user166 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2459 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2460 cancelOrder success
user2453 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1207 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2461 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2461 fillOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2451 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2451 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2461 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2451 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2451 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2462 fillOrder success
user2462 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user2462 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1420 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2462 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2462 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2464 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user596 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1602 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2424 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2467 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1325 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2468 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2467 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2020 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2469 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 cancelOrder success
user2084 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2470 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user2084 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2371 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2471 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2453 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1869 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2472 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2472 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2084 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 cancelOrder success
user2474 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1152 fillOrder success
user1152 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1152 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user1521 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2375 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2375 fillOrder fail
user2475 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2476 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2476 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2334 fillOrder success
user2334 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2334 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2161 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2477 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2475 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2473 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 cancelOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2457 cancelOrder success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2479 fillOrder success
user2457 cancelOrder success
user2457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2480 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1420 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2476 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user180 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2481 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2482 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2411 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2483 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2484 fillOrder success
user2484 fillOrder success
user2484 fillOrder success
user2484 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1168 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2485 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2485 fillOrder success
user2485 fillOrder fail
user2332 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2481 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1628 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2452 fillOrder success
user2459 cancelOrder success
user2459 fillOrder success
user2452 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2486 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user567 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user2452 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2323 fillOrder success
user2161 fillOrder success
user1648 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user929 cancelOrder success
user929 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user929 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2487 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2452 fillOrder success
user2290 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2452 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user879 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2488 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2488 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2451 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2367 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2489 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2489 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2290 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2490 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2490 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2490 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user671 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2491 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2492 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2460 fillOrder success
user2256 fillOrder fail
user2256 cancelOrder success
user2256 fillOrder fail
user2460 fillOrder success
user2460 fillOrder fail
user1712 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2460 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1960 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2493 cancelOrder success
user2493 cancelOrder success
user1995 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2494 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user2137 cancelOrder success
user2137 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2379 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1325 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1325 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2495 cancelOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2496 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2477 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2422 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2497 cancelOrder success
user2498 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 cancelOrder success
user2498 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2497 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2422 fillOrder success
user2422 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2445 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1226 cancelOrder success
user2499 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user1712 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2500 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2501 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2290 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2290 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user2290 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2502 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2391 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user2290 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user207 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2504 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2391 fillOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user626 cancelOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1808 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user2203 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2203 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2509 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2510 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2254 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2513 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2514 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2515 fillOrder success
user2515 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1904 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2516 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2516 fillOrder success
user2518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2375 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2519 cancelOrder success
user2519 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2519 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1039 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2520 cancelOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2522 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2522 cancelOrder success
user2522 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2522 cancelOrder success
user2259 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user2512 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2523 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2524 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2526 fillOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1588 fillOrder success
user1930 fillOrder success
user2527 fillOrder success
user2528 fillOrder fail
user1602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2495 cancelOrder success
user2527 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2527 fillOrder fail
user2528 cancelOrder success
user2528 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2527 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user2527 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2363 fillOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user179 cancelOrder success
user179 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user832 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user2529 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2530 fillOrder success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2299 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2531 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2532 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2534 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user866 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1984 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1984 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2505 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user2529 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2529 cancelOrder success
user2529 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2461 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2537 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2538 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1603 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2512 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2530 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2539 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2540 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2356 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2535 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2286 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2541 fillOrder success
user2541 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2541 fillOrder fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user2541 fillOrder fail
user2431 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2542 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user2543 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2528 fillOrder success
user1960 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1960 fillOrder success
user1960 fillOrder fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2544 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2545 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2533 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2545 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2545 cancelOrder success
user2545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2546 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2547 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2548 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2549 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1791 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2550 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2185 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder fail
user2185 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2185 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1869 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2477 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2363 fillOrder success
user1791 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2286 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2551 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2551 fillOrdersUpTo success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user510 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2552 fillOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2552 fillOrder success
user2553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2261 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2554 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2555 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2556 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2555 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2555 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2555 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2557 fillOrder success
user2557 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2557 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2557 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2558 fillOrder success
user2092 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2559 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2560 cancelOrder success
user2560 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1711 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2133 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2560 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2552 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2561 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2561 cancelOrder success
user2560 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2236 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2236 fillOrder success
user2236 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2559 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2559 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2563 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2512 fillOrder success
user2564 cancelOrder success
user2565 fillOrder success
user2564 fillOrder success
user2564 fillOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2565 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1920 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user1355 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2146 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1538 cancelOrder success
user2566 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2567 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1807 fillOrder success
user1521 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2569 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2568 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1866 fillOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1866 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2570 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1284 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1866 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2571 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2566 cancelOrder success
user2572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2574 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1628 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1628 cancelOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1402 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2114 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2575 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2576 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2577 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2577 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2579 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2554 fillOrder success
user2554 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2580 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2581 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2318 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2582 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2582 fillOrder success
user2582 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2582 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2581 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user2566 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2404 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2583 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2584 cancelOrder success
user2584 fillOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user274 fillOrder success
user2317 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2006 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user1967 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1967 cancelOrder success
user1967 fillOrder fail
user1967 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1967 fillOrder success
user1967 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2585 fillOrder success
user2585 fillOrder success
user2586 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2570 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1890 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2587 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2587 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user2588 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2281 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user1967 cancelOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2589 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2591 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2591 fillOrder success
user2591 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2581 fillOrder success
user1339 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2584 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2554 fillOrder success
user2554 fillOrder success
user2592 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user361 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2581 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2280 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2593 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user2581 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1910 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2594 cancelOrder success
user2594 cancelOrder success
user1910 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2594 cancelOrder success
user2594 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user1867 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2595 fillOrder success
user2595 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2597 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1967 cancelOrder success
user1967 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2598 cancelOrder success
user2598 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1355 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2512 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1967 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2549 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2599 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user2512 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1967 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user2601 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2602 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1201 cancelOrder success
user1201 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user773 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user773 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2603 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2604 fillOrder success
user2605 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1138 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2604 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2604 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2605 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2604 fillOrder success
user2604 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2606 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2607 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2286 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2603 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2528 fillOrder success
user2528 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1967 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2317 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2317 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder fail
user2608 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2545 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2609 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2610 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder fail
user2171 fillOrder success
user2612 cancelOrder success
user2613 fillOrder success
user2612 fillOrder success
user596 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2612 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2606 cancelOrder success
user2606 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2612 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2187 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2614 fillOrder success
user2614 fillOrder fail
user2187 fillOrder success
user2187 fillOrder fail
user2187 fillOrder success
user2282 fillOrder success
user2615 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2187 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2187 fillOrder success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2617 fillOrder success
user2187 fillOrder success
user2617 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2618 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2431 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2619 cancelOrder success
user2619 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2422 cancelOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2498 cancelOrder success
user2422 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2620 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2621 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2535 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2622 fillOrder success
user2622 fillOrder fail
user320 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2623 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2624 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2253 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2535 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user291 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder fail
user2171 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder fail
user2608 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2253 fillOrder success
user2625 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2505 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2625 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2626 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user506 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2231 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2627 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1776 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2628 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2629 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2485 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2485 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2630 fillOrder success
user2625 fillOrder success
user540 fillOrdersUpTo success
user540 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2631 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1904 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2541 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2541 fillOrder fail
user2541 fillOrder fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2632 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2549 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2634 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2634 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2635 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2167 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2167 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user936 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder fail
user2274 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user2229 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2581 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2575 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2229 fillOrder success
user2575 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2636 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1141 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1138 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2507 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2229 fillOrder success
user2229 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2637 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2638 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2639 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2639 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2638 fillOrder success
user2639 fillOrder success
user2609 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2616 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2616 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2640 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2554 fillOrder success
user2641 cancelOrder success
user2641 cancelOrder success
user2641 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2642 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2643 fillOrder success
user2642 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2644 fillOrder success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user2646 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user889 fillOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2647 fillOrder success
user2617 fillOrder success
user2647 fillOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2617 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2648 cancelOrder success
user2644 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2644 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user815 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1255 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user815 cancelOrder success
user2649 fillOrder success
user2608 cancelOrder success
user815 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2650 cancelOrder success
user2650 cancelOrder success
user815 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2651 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2651 fillOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2651 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2358 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2391 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2317 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2317 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2317 fillOrder success
user2652 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2651 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2653 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2654 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2225 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2280 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2655 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2656 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2323 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2657 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2225 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2658 cancelOrder success
user2658 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1162 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user2659 fillOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2659 fillOrder success
user2659 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2660 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2661 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2656 fillOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1621 fillOrder fail
user2633 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user1866 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user1866 fillOrder success
user2663 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2663 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2663 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2663 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2663 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2663 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2663 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2576 fillOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2254 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2539 cancelOrder success
user2664 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2665 fillOrder success
user2665 fillOrder success
user2665 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 fillOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2666 cancelOrder success
user2666 fillOrder success
user2666 fillOrder success
user2666 fillOrder success
user2667 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2668 fillOrder success
user2313 cancelOrder success
user2666 cancelOrder success
user2666 fillOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user2666 cancelOrder success
user2666 cancelOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2669 fillOrder success
user2670 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2671 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2672 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2672 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2673 fillOrder success
user2673 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2673 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2674 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2674 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user954 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2654 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2675 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2675 fillOrdersUpTo success
user815 fillOrder success
user2675 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1906 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user815 cancelOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1906 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2676 cancelOrder success
user2676 fillOrdersUpTo success
user954 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2676 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2656 fillOrder success
user1141 fillOrder success
user1141 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1694 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2674 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2677 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1141 fillOrder success
user2678 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1694 cancelOrder success
user2679 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2680 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2678 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2406 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2681 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2406 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2533 fillOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2645 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2645 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user2682 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2683 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2683 fillOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2683 fillOrder success
user2683 fillOrder success
user2683 fillOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user2684 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2683 fillOrder success
user2683 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2685 fillOrder success
user1928 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2686 fillOrder success
user2685 fillOrder success
user2685 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2687 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2688 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2689 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2690 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1616 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2691 fillOrder success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2692 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2280 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1115 fillOrder success
user1115 fillOrder fail
user1115 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1115 fillOrder success
user2431 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1115 fillOrder success
user2693 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1115 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1115 fillOrder success
user2690 fillOrder fail
user2689 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2689 cancelOrder success
user2689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2694 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2689 fillOrder success
user2694 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2503 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2696 cancelOrder success
user2697 cancelOrder success
user2664 cancelOrder success
user2697 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2697 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1603 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2698 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user1640 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user1355 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2356 cancelOrder success
user2356 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2700 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2392 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2701 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2702 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2693 cancelOrder success
user2703 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2002 fillOrder success
user2545 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2704 fillOrder success
user2704 fillOrder success
user2704 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2704 fillOrder fail
user211 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2545 fillOrder success
user2705 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2706 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2706 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2708 cancelOrder success
user2708 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2708 fillOrder fail
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2709 cancelOrder success
user2709 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2706 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2682 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2711 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user737 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2711 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2712 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2668 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2713 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2714 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2714 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2715 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2696 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2716 fillOrder success
user2716 fillOrder fail
user2716 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2717 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2717 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2717 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1712 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user954 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user1940 fillOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2718 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2719 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2720 cancelOrder success
user2719 fillOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2720 cancelOrder success
user2720 cancelOrder success
user2281 fillOrder success
user2281 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2720 cancelOrder success
user2720 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2628 fillOrder success
user2628 fillOrder fail
user2721 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2628 cancelOrder success
user2671 cancelOrder fail
user866 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2721 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1712 cancelOrder success
user2671 cancelOrder success
user2671 cancelOrder success
user2671 cancelOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2671 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2722 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2723 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2724 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder fail
user1444 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2725 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1115 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2726 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2727 cancelOrder success
user2538 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2689 cancelOrder success
user2689 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2689 cancelOrder success
user2689 cancelOrder success
user2689 cancelOrder success
user2728 fillOrder success
user2729 fillOrder success
user2663 cancelOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2566 cancelOrder success
user2729 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2694 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1603 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2730 fillOrder success
user2730 fillOrder success
user2730 fillOrder success
user2731 fillOrdersUpTo success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2732 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2700 cancelOrder success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2663 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2663 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2734 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2735 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2735 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2736 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2703 cancelOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2703 cancelOrder success
user2736 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2243 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2737 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2737 cancelOrder success
user2474 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2738 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user879 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2740 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2741 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2726 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2742 fillOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2662 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2744 cancelOrder success
user2707 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2745 fillOrder success
user2745 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder fail
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2746 fillOrder success
user2747 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user2533 fillOrder fail
user2533 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2748 fillOrder fail
user2748 fillOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user2104 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2749 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user2750 fillOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user2750 fillOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user2750 fillOrder success
user2617 fillOrder success
user2750 fillOrder success
user2748 cancelOrder success
user2748 cancelOrder success
user2748 cancelOrder success
user2748 cancelOrder success
user2565 fillOrder success
user2751 fillOrder success
user2748 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2746 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2752 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user2647 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user2133 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2753 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1869 cancelOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2565 cancelOrder success
user2565 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2754 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2678 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2678 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2755 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2755 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2756 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2756 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user2020 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2758 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2533 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2402 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2474 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2760 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2760 fillOrder success
user2761 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2760 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2762 fillOrder success
user2760 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder fail
user2764 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2765 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2765 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2679 cancelOrder success
user2765 fillOrder success
user2766 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2765 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2765 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder fail
user2767 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2767 fillOrder success
user2765 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2768 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2768 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2769 cancelOrder success
user2769 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2769 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2769 cancelOrder success
user2768 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2770 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2771 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2772 fillOrder success
user193 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2209 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1869 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1869 cancelOrder success
user2270 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2209 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2655 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2773 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user2774 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2744 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1981 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1981 fillOrder success
user2655 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2655 cancelOrder success
user2655 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2655 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2772 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2674 cancelOrder success
user2647 fillOrder success
user2674 fillOrder success
user2776 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2254 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2777 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder fail
user2144 fillOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2778 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2702 cancelOrder success
user2420 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2779 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2779 cancelOrder success
user2734 fillOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user2779 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2759 cancelOrder success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2647 fillOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user1141 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2647 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2781 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2781 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2782 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2781 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2781 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2781 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user2783 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2628 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2628 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2784 cancelOrder success
user2527 fillOrder success
user2527 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2527 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2785 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2768 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2787 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2787 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2787 cancelOrder success
user2787 cancelOrder success
user2787 cancelOrder success
user2787 cancelOrder success
user2787 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2748 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2788 fillOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2249 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2249 cancelOrder success
user2249 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2789 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2573 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2790 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2787 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2788 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2788 fillOrder success
user2788 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2791 fillOrder success
user2792 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1807 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2133 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2527 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2793 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2794 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user768 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2795 fillOrdersUpTo success
user768 fillOrder success
user2796 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2796 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2177 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2797 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2796 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2703 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2064 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2703 fillOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2177 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2319 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2319 fillOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2319 fillOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrdersUpTo success
user211 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2799 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2800 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2801 fallback fail
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user241 fillOrder success
user2801 fillOrder fail
user2801 fillOrder success
user2802 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2144 fillOrder success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2797 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2803 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2715 cancelOrder success
user2715 cancelOrder success
user2804 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2804 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2738 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2805 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2803 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2801 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2806 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2801 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user987 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder success
user987 fillOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user197 cancelOrder success
user2801 fillOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user624 fillOrder success
user624 fillOrder fail
user2562 fillOrder success
user1983 fillOrdersUpTo success
user197 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2153 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user197 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user197 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2641 cancelOrder success
user2641 cancelOrder success
user2641 cancelOrder success
user2641 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2524 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2772 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2807 fillOrder success
user2808 cancelOrder success
user2808 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2809 cancelOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2807 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1730 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1730 fillOrder success
user1730 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1730 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder fail
user2763 fillOrder success
user2807 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2810 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2811 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user2638 fillOrder success
user2812 fillOrder fail
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2363 cancelOrder success
user2812 fillOrder success
user2638 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user1757 fillOrder success
user977 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2813 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2698 cancelOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user2693 cancelOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2693 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user2814 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2815 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2763 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1153 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2816 cancelOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2419 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user160 cancelOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2617 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2817 cancelOrder success
user2817 fillOrder success
user2817 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2031 fillOrder success
user2817 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2590 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2524 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2524 cancelOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user2611 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2800 cancelOrder success
user2800 fillOrder success
user2800 fillOrder success
user2800 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2493 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2819 cancelOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user2093 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1807 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2545 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2821 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2821 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2788 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2214 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2597 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2739 cancelOrder success
user2132 fillOrder success
user2822 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2647 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2647 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2823 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2214 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1426 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2824 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1619 fillOrdersUpTo success
user879 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user193 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1441 cancelOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2825 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2818 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2818 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2818 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2826 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1880 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2358 cancelOrder success
user2358 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user211 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user927 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1959 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2751 fillOrder success
user2751 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2751 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2827 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2827 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2828 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user933 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2829 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2830 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2830 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2830 fillOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2675 cancelOrder success
user2831 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2824 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2832 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2789 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2698 cancelOrder success
user2801 fillOrder fail
user2801 fillOrder fail
user2801 fillOrder fail
user2833 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2801 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1426 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2834 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2801 fillOrder success
user2834 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2501 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2501 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2835 fillOrder success
user2836 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2517 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2837 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user2839 cancelOrder success
user2837 cancelOrder success
user2840 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2617 fillOrder success
user2837 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2837 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user936 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2797 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2630 fillOrder success
user2841 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2842 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2842 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2821 cancelOrder success
user2406 cancelOrder success
user2821 cancelOrder success
user1910 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2821 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2842 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user2797 cancelOrder success
user2797 cancelOrder success
user2797 cancelOrder success
user2797 cancelOrder success
user2797 cancelOrder success
user2797 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2842 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2842 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1426 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2842 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2842 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2842 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2837 cancelOrder success
user2843 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2844 fillOrder success
user2844 fillOrder success
user2844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2845 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2532 fillOrder success
user2532 fillOrder success
user2532 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2166 fillOrder success
user2166 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2340 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 cancelOrder success
user2340 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2340 cancelOrder success
user2340 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2340 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2340 fillOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user1960 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2847 fillOrder success
user2811 fillOrder success
user2848 fillOrder success
user2848 fillOrder success
user2661 cancelOrder success
user2811 fillOrder success
user2510 fillOrder success
user2849 fillOrder success
user2798 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2849 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2850 cancelOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2757 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user2346 fillOrder success
user2346 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user2387 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2695 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user1997 fillOrder success
user2848 fillOrder success
user2848 fillOrder success
user2848 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1017 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2851 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1720 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2845 cancelOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2851 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1720 fillOrdersUpTo success
user293 fillOrder success
user1720 cancelOrder success
user2853 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2093 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2757 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2845 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2797 fillOrder success
user2797 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2243 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2855 fillOrder success
user2071 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2243 cancelOrder success
user2840 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2432 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2782 fillOrder success
user2782 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2837 fillOrder fail
user2856 cancelOrder success
user2856 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2608 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2857 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2857 fillOrder success
user2623 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2575 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2858 fillOrder success
user2859 cancelOrder success
user2859 cancelOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2860 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2861 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2535 fillOrder success
user1483 fillOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user1906 cancelOrder success
user1906 cancelOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2698 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1704 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user74 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2863 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2863 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1712 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2189 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2520 cancelOrder success
user2864 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2763 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2616 fillOrder success
user2865 cancelOrder success
user2866 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2867 fillOrder success
user2176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user2306 fillOrder success
user2306 fillOrder success
user2306 fillOrder success
user2306 fillOrder success
user2306 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2868 fillOrder success
user2869 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user592 cancelOrder success
user1100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2776 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2870 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2870 cancelOrder success
user2870 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2618 fillOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2797 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2871 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user501 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2651 fillOrder success
user2651 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user847 cancelOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user6 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2873 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2873 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2874 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2617 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2875 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2876 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1072 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1906 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user2698 fillOrder success
user1906 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1906 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2877 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user2406 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2703 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder fail
user2098 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2703 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user1794 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1978 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2879 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2879 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2880 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2857 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2857 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2857 fillOrder success
user2857 fillOrder fail
user2525 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user892 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2881 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user892 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2881 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2881 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2694 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2882 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2883 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2880 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2883 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2628 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2772 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder fail
user984 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder fail
user1094 fillOrder success
user2363 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2306 fillOrder success
user2884 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2885 fillOrder success
user2553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2363 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2629 cancelOrder success
user2505 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2884 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2886 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user2887 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2888 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1414 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2889 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2064 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2652 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2652 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2628 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2891 cancelOrder success
user2891 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2628 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2631 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2631 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2631 cancelOrder success
user2631 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2887 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2880 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2628 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user879 cancelOrder success
user2628 cancelOrder success
user2628 fillOrder success
user2892 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2320 cancelOrder success
user2320 cancelOrder success
user2320 cancelOrder success
user1366 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user860 fillOrder success
user2893 cancelOrder success
user2894 fallback fail
user2320 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2891 fillOrder success
user2320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2822 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2895 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2895 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2574 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2628 fillOrder success
user2574 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user2896 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2574 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2897 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2898 fillOrder fail
user2898 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2900 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2461 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2831 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2629 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2901 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2902 cancelOrder success
user2528 fillOrder success
user2902 fillOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user2902 fillOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2176 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user866 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user984 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2903 cancelOrder success
user2904 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2882 cancelOrder success
user2905 fillOrder success
user2882 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2906 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder fail
user2662 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2908 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2910 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2911 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2912 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2901 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2907 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1435 cancelOrder success
user2913 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user2914 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2914 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2363 fillOrder success
user2363 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2789 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2797 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2916 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder fail
user2516 fillOrder success
user2849 fillOrder success
user2516 fillOrder success
user2516 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2516 fillOrder success
user2918 cancelOrder success
user2918 cancelOrder success
user2918 cancelOrder success
user2793 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2897 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2917 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2919 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2920 fillOrder success
user2921 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2920 fillOrder success
user2920 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder fail
user2922 cancelOrder success
user2654 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2920 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2922 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2918 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2924 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user554 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2562 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2562 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2856 cancelOrder success
user2856 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2925 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2803 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2926 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2926 cancelOrder success
user2926 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2356 fillOrder success
user2356 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2928 fillOrder success
user2928 cancelOrder success
user2885 fillOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2600 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2600 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2929 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2929 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2930 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1017 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2659 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2933 cancelOrder success
user2933 fillOrder success
user2932 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2898 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2934 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2809 cancelOrder success
user2935 fillOrder success
user2809 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user2935 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2935 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2851 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2851 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2936 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1574 cancelOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2759 cancelOrder success
user2897 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2897 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2759 cancelOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2936 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2803 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2759 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2822 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user963 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2937 fallback fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1090 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user963 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2938 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2938 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2939 fillOrder success
user2939 fillOrder success
user2940 cancelOrder success
user2941 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2788 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2942 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2883 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2944 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user963 fillOrder success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2945 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2946 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user2946 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2948 fillOrder success
user2948 fillOrder success
user2948 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1457 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2945 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2688 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2688 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2688 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2903 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2950 fillOrder success
user2950 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2951 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2950 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2952 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2828 fillOrder success
user2940 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2698 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2953 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user2953 fillOrder success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2536 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user2940 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user2955 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2955 fillOrder success
user2955 fillOrder fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2955 cancelOrder success
user2955 fillOrder fail
user2955 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2940 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2956 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2957 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2958 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2959 cancelOrder success
user2959 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user2688 fillOrder success
user2688 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2958 cancelOrder success
user2945 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2945 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2924 cancelOrder success
user2924 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2924 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2958 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2960 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2533 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2865 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2961 fillOrder success
user2961 fillOrder fail
user2961 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2961 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2961 fillOrder success
user2961 fillOrder fail
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2962 cancelOrder success
user2962 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2907 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2963 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2964 fillOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2962 cancelOrder success
user2962 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2965 fillOrder success
user2966 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2967 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2898 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2968 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2969 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2931 fillOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2970 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2940 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user400 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user1836 fillOrder success
user2971 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2956 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1589 fillOrder success
user2945 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2972 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2973 fillOrder success
user2945 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2945 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2974 fillOrder fail
user2144 fillOrder success
user2974 fillOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2703 fillOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2972 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2547 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2975 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2975 fillOrder fail
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2098 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2098 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2780 fillOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user223 fillOrder success
user2976 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1957 fillOrder success
user1957 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2692 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2692 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2692 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2692 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2692 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2885 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2977 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2286 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1973 fillOrder success
user2363 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2918 cancelOrder success
user2978 cancelOrder success
user2979 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2979 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2818 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2979 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2980 cancelOrder success
user2980 fillOrder success
user2980 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2981 fillOrder success
user2982 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2983 fillOrder success
user2984 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2984 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2985 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2391 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2986 cancelOrder success
user2986 cancelOrder success
user2986 cancelOrder success
user2630 cancelOrder success
user2630 fillOrder success
user2987 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2988 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2988 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2989 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2608 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2985 fillOrder success
user2985 fillOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2990 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user473 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2936 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2991 cancelOrder success
user2991 cancelOrder success
user2991 cancelOrder success
user2991 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2991 cancelOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2288 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2898 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2898 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2885 fillOrder success
user2992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrder success
user2992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2985 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2886 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2993 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user943 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2994 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2994 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2994 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2994 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2940 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1848 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1090 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2941 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1565 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2886 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2886 fillOrder success
user2886 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2945 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2995 fillOrder success
user2995 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2995 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user2988 fillOrder success
user2997 cancelOrder success
user2988 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2363 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1046 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2998 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2999 cancelOrder success
user3000 cancelOrder success
user2999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3000 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2981 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3001 fillOrder success
user3001 fillOrder fail
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 fillOrder fail
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 fillOrder fail
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user3001 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2999 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2679 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2979 fillOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2995 fillOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2995 fillOrder success
user2970 fillOrder success
user2995 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2970 fillOrder success
user2981 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user490 cancelOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3003 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2661 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2634 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2095 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2991 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1103 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2991 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3005 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3005 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1489 cancelOrder success
user1489 fillOrder success
user1489 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3006 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3006 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3006 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2891 cancelOrder success
user2189 fillOrder success
user3007 cancelOrder success
user2189 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2891 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2189 fillOrder success
user2189 fillOrder success
user2189 fillOrder success
user2189 fillOrder success
user2189 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2189 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user74 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2945 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2862 fillOrder success
user3008 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2406 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1494 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3009 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3010 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2995 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3011 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2957 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2957 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2649 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3012 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3010 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2913 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3013 fillOrder fail
user179 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user179 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user179 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user3013 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1779 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user3014 fillOrder success
user3014 fillOrder success
user3014 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3002 fillOrder success
user3014 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2590 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3015 fillOrder success
user3009 cancelOrder success
user3015 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user510 cancelOrder success
user2984 fillOrder success
user2576 fillOrder success
user2576 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2703 cancelOrder success
user3016 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3017 cancelOrder success
user3017 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3017 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2995 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3018 fillOrdersUpTo success
user964 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user3019 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3020 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2608 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3021 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3021 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3020 cancelOrder success
user3021 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3020 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3022 fillOrder success
user3022 fillOrder success
user3021 cancelOrder success
user3022 fillOrder success
user3022 fillOrder success
user3022 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user3022 fillOrder success
user3022 fillOrder success
user3021 cancelOrder success
user3021 cancelOrder success
user3022 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3022 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3022 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1939 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1939 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1939 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3022 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2919 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2274 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3022 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3023 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3002 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3024 cancelOrder success
user3021 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user2995 fillOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3016 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3025 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3025 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3026 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2991 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user712 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3027 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3027 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user2751 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3029 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3029 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3029 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3029 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3029 fillOrder success
user3030 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3031 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3027 cancelOrder success
user3027 cancelOrder success
user2970 fillOrder success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2960 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user179 cancelOrder success
user3032 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user3033 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user815 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user815 fillOrder success
user3034 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user2575 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2872 cancelOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user815 fillOrder success
user3035 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user3036 fillOrder success
user3036 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3037 fillOrder success
user3037 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3038 fillOrder success
user3036 fillOrder success
user3037 fillOrder success
user3038 fillOrder success
user3038 fillOrder success
user3036 fillOrder fail
user3037 fillOrder success
user3036 fillOrder success
user3038 cancelOrder success
user3036 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user3038 fillOrder success
user3036 cancelOrder success
user3037 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3039 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3037 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2951 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3039 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2986 cancelOrder success
user3034 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user3010 cancelOrder success
user3040 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3010 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1133 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3041 cancelOrder success
user1133 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user3042 cancelOrder success
user3037 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3043 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3037 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3035 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2575 fillOrder success
user3037 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3037 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user291 fillOrder success
user3044 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3037 cancelOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2575 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user3044 cancelOrder success
user2590 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2208 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3046 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3048 cancelOrder success
user3049 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3046 cancelOrder success
user3027 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1711 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1711 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2274 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user3047 cancelOrder success
user2919 cancelOrder success
user2919 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3027 cancelOrder success
user2919 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2661 fillOrder success
user2661 fillOrder success
user2661 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user3047 cancelOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user3051 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2939 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2939 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3047 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2994 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2353 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2994 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3052 fillOrder success
user3052 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder fail
user1662 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2924 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3027 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3053 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3054 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2828 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3055 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user3056 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3044 cancelOrder success
user3056 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2493 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2667 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2918 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2918 cancelOrder success
user2918 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user635 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user3044 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user702 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user3058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3059 fillOrder success
user2981 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2166 fillOrder success
user2166 cancelOrder success
user1348 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3060 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user702 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2956 fillOrdersUpTo success
user702 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3010 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1773 cancelOrder success
user3061 cancelOrder success
user3061 cancelOrder success
user3061 cancelOrder success
user3061 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3061 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2759 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2344 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2344 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2952 cancelOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder fail
user2862 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3063 cancelOrder success
user3063 cancelOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3063 cancelOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3062 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3062 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3051 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3051 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3064 cancelOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3065 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3066 cancelOrder success
user3043 cancelOrder success
user3043 cancelOrder success
user3065 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3051 cancelOrder success
user3051 cancelOrder success
user3051 fillOrder success
user3051 fillOrder success
user3051 fillOrder success
user768 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3067 fillOrder success
user3067 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3068 fillOrder success
user3068 fillOrder fail
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3068 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3069 fillOrder success
user3069 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3069 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3070 fillOrder success
user3070 fillOrder success
user3070 fillOrder success
user2840 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3071 cancelOrder success
user3070 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3072 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3071 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user3062 fillOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1879 fillOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user3073 fillOrder success
user1879 fillOrder success
user2270 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3074 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3061 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1879 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3074 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3073 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3073 fillOrder success
user3075 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3069 fillOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3073 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3073 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3073 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3061 fillOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user2808 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3066 cancelOrder success
user3066 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2808 cancelOrder success
user2808 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3076 cancelOrder success
user2808 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2542 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1708 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3077 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3002 fillOrder success
user3077 fillOrder success
user3077 fillOrder fail
user293 fallback fail
user3078 fillOrdersUpTo success
user489 fillOrder success
user3077 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3077 fillOrder success
user293 fallback fail
user3077 fillOrder fail
user3077 fillOrder fail
user187 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3000 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3000 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user3000 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder fail
user2270 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1947 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1947 cancelOrder success
user1947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2822 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2344 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user3079 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user3080 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3081 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3029 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2951 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2508 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3082 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3082 fillOrder success
user3082 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3083 fillOrder success
user3082 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user3083 cancelOrder success
user2991 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3083 fillOrder success
user2991 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2822 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3082 fillOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3029 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder fail
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2927 fillOrder success
user1205 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2987 cancelOrder success
user3085 cancelOrder success
user3085 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1348 fillOrder success
user1833 cancelOrder success
user3086 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3087 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2715 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3029 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user1980 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3088 cancelOrder success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3064 fillOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2302 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2978 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 cancelOrder success
user3089 fillOrder success
user3089 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3090 cancelOrder success
user3091 cancelOrder success
user3060 cancelOrder success
user3090 cancelOrder success
user3090 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3092 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user2996 fillOrder success
user1117 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2996 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3093 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1117 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3095 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3096 cancelOrder success
user3096 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3097 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2938 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2938 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2938 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3097 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1024 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user303 fillOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user3098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 fillOrder success
user303 cancelOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user3097 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user303 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user3099 fillOrder fail
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2938 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user3100 fillOrder success
user3100 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2527 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2978 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2703 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3068 fillOrder success
user3068 fillOrder success
user3068 fillOrder success
user3101 fillOrder success
user3101 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3102 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3069 fillOrder success
user2755 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3068 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3103 fillOrder success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2948 cancelOrder success
user3104 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1848 fillOrder success
user2979 fillOrder success
user2755 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2695 cancelOrder success
user3101 cancelOrder success
user2755 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3026 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1898 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2640 fillOrder success
user2640 fillOrder success
user2640 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2640 fillOrder success
user2640 fillOrder success
user2926 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2640 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3106 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2640 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2640 fillOrder success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3107 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3101 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3108 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user1645 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2912 fillOrder fail
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3109 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user1145 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3110 fillOrder success
user3111 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1145 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2686 fillOrder success
user3112 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3110 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2249 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3113 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2751 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder fail
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user562 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3114 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3114 fillOrder success
user3114 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3114 cancelOrder success
user3115 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2949 fillOrder fail
user3115 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2917 fillOrder fail
user3116 cancelOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3116 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user266 fillOrder success
user3118 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3119 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user474 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3055 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user3117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user3117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2808 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3055 cancelOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user2654 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3055 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder success
user3117 fillOrder fail
user3117 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1567 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user3117 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2661 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3120 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2588 fillOrder success
user2588 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3121 fillOrder success
user3121 fillOrder success
user3121 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user2194 fillOrder success
user925 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user3122 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2914 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3097 fillOrder success
user2898 fillOrder success
user2071 cancelOrder success
user2071 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user2071 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3124 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3125 fillOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2874 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user3106 cancelOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3097 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user889 cancelOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user889 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user2706 fillOrder success
user2706 fillOrder success
user2706 fillOrder success
user3126 cancelOrder success
user3126 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2914 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3127 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3127 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2961 fillOrder success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user267 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3128 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1472 fallback fail
user1472 fillOrder success
user3129 fillOrder success
user1472 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user773 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3132 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1878 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3128 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3128 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3117 cancelOrder success
user2148 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2788 cancelOrder success
user2788 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2530 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3128 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3083 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3083 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user3133 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3134 fillOrder success
user3135 cancelOrder success
user878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2250 fillOrder success
user3136 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2630 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3136 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3137 fillOrder success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2406 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3029 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2958 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user878 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder fail
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2830 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user2177 fillOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3029 fillOrder success
user3060 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3138 cancelOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user3139 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user2177 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user954 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3126 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3140 cancelOrder success
user3140 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2943 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3141 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3126 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3142 fillOrder success
user3069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3069 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2225 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3143 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3143 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2993 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user2885 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2993 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2913 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2776 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2751 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3145 cancelOrder success
user3145 fillOrder success
user3146 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2177 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user2996 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3135 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3147 cancelOrder success
user3147 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3148 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1266 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3149 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3149 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3150 cancelOrder success
user3150 cancelOrder success
user3150 fillOrder success
user3151 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3151 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1269 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2346 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1316 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user3152 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3152 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2071 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2249 fillOrder success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2249 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2516 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3153 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1639 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3153 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3154 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3156 cancelOrder success
user3156 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2898 fillOrder success
user2898 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3157 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3157 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3157 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3158 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3158 fillOrdersUpTo success
user510 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user3159 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3160 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3161 cancelOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user3161 fillOrder success
user3161 fillOrder fail
user3161 fillOrder fail
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3162 cancelOrder success
user3162 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3162 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3159 fillOrder success
user3163 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1435 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3098 fillOrder success
user3098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3164 cancelOrder success
user3164 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3164 cancelOrder success
user3164 fillOrder success
user3164 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3164 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3098 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3165 cancelOrder success
user3165 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user986 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3128 fillOrder fail
user2231 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3128 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3166 fillOrder success
user3167 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user3168 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3165 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3169 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user954 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2882 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2530 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2699 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2882 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user510 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2979 fillOrder fail
user2979 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3112 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2695 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3172 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2695 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2695 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2924 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3173 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3174 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user2695 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder fail
user2250 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user462 fillOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user3031 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3171 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2801 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2801 fillOrder success
user3175 fillOrder success
user3175 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3176 fillOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2956 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2000 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 cancelOrder success
user3177 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2874 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3178 fillOrder success
user567 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user567 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user567 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user567 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1712 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3179 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2800 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2946 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3180 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3180 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user2985 fillOrder fail
user2985 fillOrder fail
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2699 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3181 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3161 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3182 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2699 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2924 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3183 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3184 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3184 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2537 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2537 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3185 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3186 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user3187 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2238 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user3188 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2056 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user133 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2056 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2495 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2280 fillOrder success
user1538 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user489 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2464 fillOrder success
user2464 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2464 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3190 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3190 cancelOrder success
user3190 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3000 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3191 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3192 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2828 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2828 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user2799 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user3173 fillOrder success
user3173 fillOrder success
user3173 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3173 fillOrder success
user3173 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3173 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3173 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3194 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user2954 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user918 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3173 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3195 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user918 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3173 cancelOrder success
user2760 fillOrder success
user3173 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2760 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3197 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2956 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2467 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2467 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3141 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3187 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3176 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3176 fillOrder success
user3176 fillOrder success
user1792 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2874 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1792 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2042 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2992 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2656 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3159 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3199 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2467 cancelOrder success
user3163 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2467 cancelOrder success
user2467 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2467 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user3201 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3202 fillOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3201 fillOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder fail
user1519 fillOrder success
user1634 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3200 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3203 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user247 fillOrder success
user3191 cancelOrder success
user1874 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1634 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3189 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3189 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1348 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2656 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3101 cancelOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3200 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2633 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2633 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3204 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2699 cancelOrder success
user2699 cancelOrder success
user3149 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user2699 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3204 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1901 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2319 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3204 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 cancelOrder success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user889 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3205 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3205 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3207 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3192 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3034 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder fail
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3208 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2863 fillOrder success
user2863 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3176 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3176 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3176 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user3006 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user3170 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3176 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1898 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3209 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3177 fillOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3210 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3211 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user3176 cancelOrder success
user3176 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3006 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3006 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3213 cancelOrder success
user3214 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3216 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user3216 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2754 fillOrdersUpTo success
user676 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2924 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder fail
user2320 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3217 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2601 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2320 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3219 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1930 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2320 fillOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2320 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3004 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3220 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3159 cancelOrder success
user3159 cancelOrder success
user3159 cancelOrder success
user3159 cancelOrder success
user3159 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user3221 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1565 fillOrder success
user3013 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3222 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3223 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3224 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1390 fillOrder success
user1390 cancelOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3013 cancelOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user1390 cancelOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user1390 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fallback fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3225 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3225 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3205 fallback fail
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 fallback fail
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3087 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3121 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3226 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3227 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3097 cancelOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1457 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2722 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user616 fillOrder success
user616 fillOrder success
user616 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user3228 cancelOrder success
user3228 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3229 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2202 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3230 fillOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3230 fillOrder success
user3230 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3123 cancelOrder success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3227 fillOrder success
user3231 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3232 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3233 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3233 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2862 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3227 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user854 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user3234 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3227 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2202 fillOrder success
user2202 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2432 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3236 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3238 fillOrder success
user3238 fillOrder success
user3238 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3189 cancelOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3239 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3240 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user964 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3241 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3229 fillOrder success
user3237 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user2863 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1957 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user2202 fillOrder success
user2202 fillOrder success
user2202 fillOrder success
user2202 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3242 fallback fail
user3242 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3121 fillOrder success
user2432 cancelOrder success
user3121 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3121 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1503 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3176 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3243 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2765 fillOrder success
user3244 cancelOrder success
user3243 cancelOrder success
user3243 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user954 cancelOrder success
user1457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user954 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3162 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2464 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3245 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3121 cancelOrder success
user3230 fillOrder success
user3083 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3083 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2785 cancelOrder success
user2785 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2785 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2785 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2800 fillOrder success
user2800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2961 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3246 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2961 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3232 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2695 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3247 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3180 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3247 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2919 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2919 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2919 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3248 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3249 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3250 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3250 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder fail
user2286 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2863 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3251 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2961 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2238 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user385 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3253 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3254 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3255 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2675 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2656 fallback fail
user2656 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3256 cancelOrder success
user3256 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 cancelOrder success
user3256 cancelOrder success
user3256 cancelOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 fillOrder success
user3256 cancelOrder success
user3256 cancelOrder success
user2463 cancelOrder success
user3257 fillOrder success
user3258 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1939 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3259 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3259 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3260 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3230 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2695 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2880 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3262 fillOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3263 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user3139 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3264 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3264 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user241 cancelOrder success
user241 cancelOrder success
user241 cancelOrder success
user241 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3265 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3266 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3087 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3267 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3254 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3254 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3268 cancelOrder success
user3268 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3269 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1349 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1349 fillOrder success
user1349 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3270 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user963 fallback fail
user293 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user963 fallback fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2376 fillOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1538 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1942 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1942 fillOrder success
user1942 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1942 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1942 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3087 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3153 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3271 cancelOrder success
user3177 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3271 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3177 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3272 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3272 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3235 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user3235 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user3272 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2069 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2069 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2093 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3272 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user3273 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3274 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3176 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3176 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3057 fillOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3153 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3275 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2249 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3276 fallback fail
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2126 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2126 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2573 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3277 fallback fail
user3277 fallback fail
user3277 fallback fail
user3277 fallback fail
user3277 fallback fail
user1457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3278 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3241 fillOrder success
user3279 fillOrder fail
user3279 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3280 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3279 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2376 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3122 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3279 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3281 fillOrder success
user3281 fillOrder success
user3281 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3139 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3282 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3281 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3281 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3281 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user247 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3181 cancelOrder success
user3212 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3284 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3285 fillOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1015 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder fail
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder fail
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1015 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3034 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3034 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3262 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3260 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3287 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user626 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2817 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2817 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2786 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3057 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3288 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2981 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2828 fillOrder success
user2943 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3287 cancelOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3023 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user3023 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user3023 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user3247 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3247 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2828 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1289 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3290 fillOrder success
user3290 fillOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3290 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3287 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2958 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2451 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2451 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1090 cancelOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3291 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3288 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3212 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3179 cancelOrder success
user3261 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1519 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3139 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3128 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3128 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3263 fillOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3292 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3292 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3250 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user3250 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3143 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3081 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2274 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3293 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3294 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3295 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3296 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2562 fillOrder success
user3297 fillOrder fail
user2562 fillOrder success
user3235 cancelOrder success
user3235 cancelOrder success
user3235 cancelOrder success
user3235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2981 fillOrder success
user2981 fillOrder fail
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user293 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3288 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3288 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user247 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2053 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user361 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3298 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user3299 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user186 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3172 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3229 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3172 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3298 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3298 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3172 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3172 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3003 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user375 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3301 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user375 fillOrder success
user375 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2775 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2451 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user3302 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3250 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3290 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3303 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user187 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3304 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2775 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2508 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3250 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2874 cancelOrder success
user2874 cancelOrder success
user2874 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3305 fillOrdersUpTo success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3305 fillOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3306 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3290 fillOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3263 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2675 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3263 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user2943 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3308 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2456 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1944 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1944 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3308 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3309 cancelOrder success
user3309 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3309 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3310 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3227 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3227 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3305 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user2568 fillOrder fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2518 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2862 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user247 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3311 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3311 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2872 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2662 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3312 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3313 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3312 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1502 cancelOrder success
user2524 fillOrder success
user2524 fillOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user2524 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2981 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3312 fillOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user385 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3314 cancelOrder success
user3314 fillOrder success
user3314 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1502 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user2133 fillOrder success
user3147 cancelOrder success
user3147 fillOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user3147 fillOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user3147 fillOrder success
user3147 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 batchFillOrders fail
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 batchFillOrders success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3229 fillOrder success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3058 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3316 fillOrder success
user3058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3002 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3050 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2524 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2464 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3317 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3317 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1523 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3122 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3318 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3319 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3319 cancelOrder success
user3319 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2364 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2364 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user600 fillOrder success
user1569 cancelOrder success
user3058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3320 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2699 cancelOrder success
user2699 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2768 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2768 fillOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3290 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3321 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3321 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3147 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user3147 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3147 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2524 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3323 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user1519 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3323 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 batchFillOrders success
user2084 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3223 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3223 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2913 cancelOrder success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2524 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3324 fillOrder success
user3324 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user3324 fillOrder success
user3317 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3324 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder fail
user2859 fillOrder fail
user3317 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3324 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3324 fillOrder fail
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3128 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3322 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2404 fillOrder success
user2404 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3170 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3324 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2617 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3325 cancelOrder success
user3325 fillOrder success
user3325 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3325 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3220 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3324 fillOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2846 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2116 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3002 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2981 cancelOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3297 cancelOrder success
user3297 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2999 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2999 fillOrder success
user2999 fillOrder success
user2999 fillOrder fail
user2058 fillOrder success
user2999 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3326 fallback fail
user3326 fillOrder success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3327 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3311 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3328 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3328 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3330 fillOrder success
user3330 fillOrder success
user3331 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3331 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3332 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2664 cancelOrder success
user2664 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3333 fillOrder success
user3334 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder fail
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3335 fillOrder success
user3335 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3335 fillOrder success
user3335 fillOrder fail
user3212 fillOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2981 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3336 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user3322 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3197 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3311 fillOrder success
user3311 fillOrder success
user3197 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user1090 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3218 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3337 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2209 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3338 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user3339 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3340 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3339 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3341 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user3341 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3341 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fallback fail
user160 fillOrder success
user3328 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user2249 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user3328 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2789 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3339 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3342 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2474 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2250 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user3261 fillOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3261 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2648 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2648 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2126 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2126 fillOrder success
user160 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3347 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3348 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3347 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3348 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3347 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3338 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2789 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user160 fillOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3350 fallback fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3351 fillOrder success
user3351 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3291 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3350 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3350 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3350 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3350 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3291 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3291 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3350 fillOrdersUpTo success
user855 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3350 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3353 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2588 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2588 fillOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2588 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2652 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2652 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2652 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3355 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3130 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3291 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3357 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3358 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3359 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3359 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder fail
user2798 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1553 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3362 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2143 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2143 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3362 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3362 fillOrder success
user3362 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3362 fillOrder success
user3363 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3362 fillOrder success
user3362 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3362 fillOrder success
user3362 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3364 fillOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2238 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2238 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2496 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3082 fillOrder success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3366 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3366 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2238 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2286 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2238 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2427 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3367 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3367 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3367 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3367 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2069 fillOrder success
user3367 cancelOrder success
user3367 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user291 fillOrder success
user2283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3368 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3368 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user320 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrdersUpTo success
user179 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user179 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3369 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3324 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3324 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3324 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3324 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3324 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3324 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2574 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3303 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2739 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3370 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3370 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3371 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3279 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3279 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3372 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3372 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user3372 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3373 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2644 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2644 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3374 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3279 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3263 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3263 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user3311 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3376 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3336 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3279 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3377 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1957 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1957 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1957 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3332 cancelOrder success
user3332 cancelOrder success
user3332 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3332 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3378 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3378 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3379 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3379 fallback fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3380 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3380 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3098 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3098 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3098 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3098 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3379 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3381 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3382 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3057 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user1316 fillOrder fail
user3375 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1316 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder fail
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder fail
user1511 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user2899 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2538 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2538 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user2740 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1316 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2042 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1316 fillOrder success
user2357 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1316 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2357 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3384 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2852 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3383 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user3383 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2740 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user3384 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3002 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3385 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3288 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2740 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3386 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2913 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3045 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3045 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3387 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3050 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3388 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3002 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3389 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3390 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3376 batchCancelOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2486 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2486 fillOrder success
user2486 fillOrder success
user2486 fillOrder success
user2486 fillOrder success
user2486 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2943 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2943 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3391 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3035 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3035 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1881 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user2798 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder fail
user2899 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3357 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3392 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3393 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1711 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3155 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3393 fillOrder success
user3393 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3393 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2776 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3394 cancelOrder success
user3394 cancelOrder success
user3394 cancelOrder success
user3394 cancelOrder success
user3394 cancelOrder success
user3394 cancelOrder success
user3394 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3394 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user3395 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2552 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3085 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3396 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3288 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3241 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3397 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2798 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2203 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3316 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3398 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3399 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3365 fillOrder success
user3365 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3399 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3399 cancelOrder success
user3399 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3399 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3365 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3399 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2474 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2578 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3238 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2289 fallback fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2289 fallback fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2289 fallback fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2289 fallback fail
user2289 fallback fail
user3401 fillOrder success
user3389 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1989 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2289 fallback fail
user3401 fillOrder success
user3402 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1989 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3401 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user2289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2143 cancelOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2289 fallback fail
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2058 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2148 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3218 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3403 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3404 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user3405 fillOrder success
user3405 fillOrder success
user3405 fillOrder success
user3405 fillOrder success
user3406 fillOrder success
user3406 fillOrder success
user3405 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3407 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3408 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3408 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3408 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3389 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3389 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2782 fillOrder fail
user510 fillOrder success
user2782 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3409 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3155 fillOrder success
user3155 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user954 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2912 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3410 fillOrder success
user2885 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3411 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3410 fillOrder success
user3410 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3410 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3410 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2927 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3410 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3412 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3413 fillOrder success
user3414 cancelOrder success
user3415 fillOrder success
user3414 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2312 cancelOrder success
user2312 cancelOrder success
user2312 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user562 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3218 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2912 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3416 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3417 fillOrder success
user3416 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3218 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3288 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user243 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3418 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3085 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3085 fillOrder fail
user3419 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3420 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3085 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3418 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2552 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3155 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2899 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3421 batchCancelOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3218 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3218 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3422 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2999 fillOrder success
user3422 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2064 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3423 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2999 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3288 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3424 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3425 batchCancelOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3392 fillOrder success
user3392 fillOrder success
user3426 cancelOrder success
user554 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3392 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user3425 fillOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3425 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3427 fillOrder success
user3427 fillOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3404 fillOrder success
user3428 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3404 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3429 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3430 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2943 cancelOrder success
user661 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user661 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2981 cancelOrder success
user2981 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3431 fillOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user3429 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 batchFillOrders success
user3031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user596 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user3252 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user3433 batchCancelOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3433 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3429 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3434 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 cancelOrder success
user3429 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3400 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3435 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3404 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2312 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3437 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3404 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3404 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3404 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3218 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3438 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2064 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3218 fillOrder success
user3439 fillOrder success
user2042 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3440 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3441 cancelOrder success
user3228 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3441 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3172 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3389 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3218 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3436 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3439 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2072 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3436 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3442 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3436 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3444 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2072 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3378 fillOrder fail
user1236 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3445 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user670 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2443 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user3211 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2123 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3446 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3447 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3448 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user3058 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2772 cancelOrder success
user2772 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2616 cancelOrder success
user2616 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3449 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2042 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3368 cancelOrder success
user3418 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3451 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3452 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3453 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3454 cancelOrder success
user3454 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3455 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user3456 fillOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3457 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3458 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3390 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3390 cancelOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3286 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3460 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3451 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3431 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3461 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3462 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3463 batchCancelOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3464 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3357 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user1024 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3085 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3085 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3341 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3462 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3466 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user3465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3467 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3468 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3468 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3469 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user3470 cancelOrder success
user3470 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3468 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3470 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3471 fillOrder success
user3472 fillOrder fail
user3472 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3472 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3473 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3474 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3472 fillOrder fail
user3475 fillOrder success
user3475 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3472 fillOrder fail
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3474 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2478 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user3289 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3474 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1193 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3476 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3477 batchCancelOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user361 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3478 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3478 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3479 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3481 cancelOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1744 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1744 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1744 fillOrder success
user2520 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2520 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1744 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1744 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3468 fillOrder success
user1744 fillOrder success
user3468 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2130 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2076 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3378 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user817 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3482 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3220 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3483 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3155 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user3196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3485 fillOrder success
user1497 cancelOrder success
user3485 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3486 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user3487 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3378 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3487 fillOrder success
user3487 fillOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user489 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3485 cancelOrder success
user3196 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3485 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3196 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3485 batchCancelOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3196 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3488 fillOrder success
user3378 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3488 fillOrder success
user2121 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user214 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user214 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3286 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2476 fillOrder success
user2476 fillOrder success
user2476 fillOrder success
user2476 fillOrder success
user2476 fillOrder success
user2476 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2185 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2185 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user559 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2654 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3245 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3480 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3489 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3426 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3489 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3139 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user986 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user986 cancelOrder success
user986 cancelOrder success
user986 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3392 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3490 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user3342 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3491 fillOrder success
user3492 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3493 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3393 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3393 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3397 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3494 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2576 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3495 fillOrder success
user2793 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3496 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3497 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3495 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3498 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user3495 fillOrder success
user3498 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3495 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3500 fillOrKillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2793 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder fail
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3499 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3501 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3499 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3499 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1748 fillOrder success
user1748 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3502 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3502 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3499 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1313 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3316 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3502 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user3499 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3499 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2319 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user1748 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2947 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3503 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1497 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3502 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1666 fillOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3504 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user1497 cancelOrder success
user1497 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder fail
user2979 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user554 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3502 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3505 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3507 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 fillOrder success
user3484 fillOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 fillOrder success
user554 fillOrder success
user554 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user1944 fillOrder success
user3351 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3509 cancelOrder success
user3509 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3509 fillOrder success
user2329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2329 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3510 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3511 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3502 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2344 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user361 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3498 fillOrder success
user3498 fillOrder fail
user3498 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3512 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3250 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1704 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2042 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3351 cancelOrder success
user2899 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2108 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3512 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user3286 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3286 fillOrder success
user3286 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3317 fillOrder success
user3514 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2552 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user587 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2899 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3515 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3516 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user310 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3357 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user954 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3218 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2576 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2576 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3517 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user489 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3093 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3518 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3491 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3519 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3519 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2280 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3203 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2280 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3312 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2888 fillOrder success
user2888 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2888 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2707 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3520 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3522 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2913 fillOrder success
user2913 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3364 fillOrder fail
user2913 fillOrder success
user132 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3523 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3480 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3480 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3047 cancelOrder success
user3047 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3047 cancelOrder success
user3524 fillOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3524 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3347 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2978 fillOrder success
user2978 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3526 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3060 cancelOrder success
user3060 cancelOrder success
user3060 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2699 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1248 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1248 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3527 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3527 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user954 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3528 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3393 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3528 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3516 fillOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3516 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3529 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3530 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2890 fillOrder success
user2331 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3531 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user2064 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3419 fillOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3245 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3086 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user2125 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1814 fillOrder success
user1814 fillOrder success
user1814 fillOrder success
user1814 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3532 fillOrder success
user3439 fillOrder success
user3439 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2155 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user3533 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3534 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3535 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2535 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user3130 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3540 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder fail
user737 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1813 fillOrder success
user1813 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3378 fillOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3378 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3393 fillOrder success
user3393 fillOrder fail
user3218 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3393 fillOrder success
user3393 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3540 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1115 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1115 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user2652 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2652 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2576 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3541 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user361 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3541 fillOrder success
user3347 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3542 cancelOrder success
user3542 cancelOrder success
user3542 cancelOrder success
user3542 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3543 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3544 fillOrder success
user3544 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3499 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3499 fillOrder success
user3523 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3288 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3499 fillOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1901 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3499 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3312 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user462 cancelOrder success
user2992 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1178 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user3545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user3545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder success
user3545 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3547 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3357 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3208 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3208 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user3548 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user361 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3549 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3549 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3205 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user3347 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user2568 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2789 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3550 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2478 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3551 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3552 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2123 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3317 fillOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user3317 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3516 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3329 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2789 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2751 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3546 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3554 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2789 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3555 fillOrder success
user3555 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3556 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3556 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3556 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3556 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user975 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3432 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user3432 fillOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3539 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3557 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3557 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2927 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3558 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 cancelOrder success
user2927 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2927 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3559 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3560 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3560 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3561 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3561 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1745 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder fail
user1521 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1120 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3564 fillOrder success
user2283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3565 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user2270 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3564 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3564 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3567 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3564 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3562 fillOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2542 fillOrder success
user2542 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1548 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2789 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3568 cancelOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3570 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1792 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3570 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3573 fillOrder success
user3572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3047 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1926 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1926 fillOrder success
user3526 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1926 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2213 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2280 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3574 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3523 cancelOrder success
user3574 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3574 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3317 fillOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3575 fillOrder success
user3575 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user1145 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1145 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3576 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3577 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3577 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3577 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3577 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3578 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2477 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3305 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3207 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user3329 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3564 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3581 cancelOrder success
user3581 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3582 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user2239 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3583 cancelOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3554 fillOrder success
user3584 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3585 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3585 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3585 cancelOrder success
user3585 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3585 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3586 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3587 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3588 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3589 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2958 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2958 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2958 fillOrdersUpTo success
user247 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3590 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user247 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3586 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3351 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3586 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3591 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3581 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3592 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2460 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user1012 cancelOrder success
user1012 cancelOrder success
user1012 cancelOrder success
user1012 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3552 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 fillOrder success
user3593 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3593 fillOrder success
user3593 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3593 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3593 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3593 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3593 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3530 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3530 fillOrder fail
user3530 fillOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3594 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1094 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder fail
user3595 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2098 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user3552 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3552 cancelOrder success
user3212 batchFillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3552 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3560 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3098 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3397 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2743 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3564 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3564 fillOrder fail
user2353 fillOrder success
user3564 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user214 fallback fail
user214 fallback fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2353 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user214 fallback fail
user293 fillOrder success
user214 fallback fail
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2353 fillOrder success
user214 fallback fail
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2495 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2353 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3557 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3557 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3557 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1706 fillOrder success
user1706 fillOrder success
user1706 fillOrder success
user1706 fillOrder success
user1706 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3599 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3341 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user3546 fillOrder success
user3420 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3560 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3513 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3557 cancelOrder success
user3600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3420 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3588 fillOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user3097 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user676 fillOrder success
user3561 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3352 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrder success
user3352 fillOrder success
user3208 cancelOrder success
user3208 fillOrder success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user573 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3601 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3530 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2432 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3602 fillOrder success
user3549 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3603 fillOrder success
user3604 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1084 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3604 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3605 cancelOrder success
user3606 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3607 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3608 cancelOrder success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3565 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3602 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3610 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3611 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3612 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2525 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3588 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3148 cancelOrder success
user3613 cancelOrder success
user3208 fillOrder success
user3208 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user361 cancelOrder success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3614 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3615 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3170 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3616 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user361 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user2739 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user361 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3615 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3615 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3617 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3615 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3148 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user3618 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3619 fillOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3616 fillOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user3546 fillOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3620 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3250 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3621 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3546 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3420 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3031 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2466 fillOrder success
user3587 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user3620 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3403 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3030 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3030 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3587 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3622 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3587 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3623 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3624 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3625 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3626 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3627 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3419 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3579 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3628 cancelOrder success
user3628 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3629 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3625 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3625 fillOrdersUpTo success
user303 fillOrder success
user303 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3630 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3612 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3631 fillOrder success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2947 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3618 fillOrder success
user3218 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user34 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3073 cancelOrder success
user3073 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user934 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3632 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3633 cancelOrder success
user3633 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2837 fillOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2837 fillOrder success
user3634 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3635 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3604 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3403 cancelOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3633 fillOrder success
user3636 cancelOrder success
user3636 fillOrder success
user3636 fillOrder success
user3636 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3341 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1145 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1145 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2461 fillOrder success
user2461 fillOrder success
user3419 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2477 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3493 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2706 fillOrder success
user2706 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3630 fillOrder success
user2706 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user1084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1860 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1666 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3637 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3338 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3338 cancelOrder success
user3338 cancelOrder success
user3338 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3638 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3419 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3639 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3640 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3557 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user214 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3641 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2478 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user3642 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3643 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3644 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3644 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1269 fillOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3645 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3646 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3647 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3648 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user3647 fillOrder success
user3647 fillOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user3647 fillOrder success
user3649 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user923 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user3650 cancelOrder success
user3650 cancelOrder success
user3650 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3651 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3650 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3652 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1184 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3653 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1184 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3654 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3654 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3215 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3655 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3656 fillOrder success
user3656 fillOrder success
user3656 fillOrder success
user3657 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3658 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3390 cancelOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3659 cancelOrder success
user3659 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3660 cancelOrder success
user3658 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3459 fillOrder success
user3661 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3611 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3602 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3611 fillOrder success
user3602 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3662 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3611 fillOrder success
user3602 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3662 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3602 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3213 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3602 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3611 fillOrder success
user3663 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3602 fillOrder success
user3611 fillOrder success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3666 cancelOrder success
user3666 cancelOrder success
user3666 cancelOrder success
user3666 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder fail
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3562 fillOrder success
user3562 fillOrder fail
user3667 fillOrder fail
user3419 fillOrder success
user3668 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3667 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3669 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3662 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3670 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3669 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3658 fillOrder success
user3658 fillOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3658 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user3665 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder fail
user3671 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3674 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3674 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user3662 cancelOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user3675 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3676 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2981 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2981 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2981 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3682 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3683 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3683 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3684 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3685 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3686 fillOrder success
user3686 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3687 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user3688 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3688 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3667 fillOrder fail
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3667 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3690 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3691 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3480 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3480 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3691 batchCancelOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3692 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3693 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3693 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3693 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3693 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3693 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3693 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3694 cancelOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user1603 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1603 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3589 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3291 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder fail
user3360 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3695 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3696 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user3697 batchCancelOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3693 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3589 cancelOrder success
user3589 fillOrder success
user3629 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3220 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3698 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3647 cancelOrder success
user3669 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user516 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3626 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3690 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user1568 fillOrder success
user3690 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3690 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder fail
user3681 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3679 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3592 batchCancelOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3699 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3592 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3700 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3701 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user2743 cancelOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3480 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3631 batchCancelOrders success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1878 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2968 fillOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user3592 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3592 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3690 cancelOrder success
user283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3493 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 cancelOrder success
user3493 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3592 batchCancelOrders success
user3702 batchCancelOrders success
user3401 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user3401 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3401 fillOrder success
user3589 cancelOrder success
user3401 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3401 fillOrder success
user3401 fillOrder success
user3401 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3703 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3705 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3570 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user817 fillOrder success
user817 fillOrder success
user817 fillOrder success
user817 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user817 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3569 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3479 fillOrder success
user3479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1084 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3509 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3584 fillOrder success
user3705 fillOrder success
user3584 fillOrder success
user3584 fillOrder success
user3584 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3706 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3706 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder fail
user3681 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3705 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3707 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3708 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3707 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3547 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3709 fillOrder success
user1521 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3443 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3710 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user289 cancelOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder fail
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder success
user3711 fillOrder fail
user3711 fillOrder fail
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user2331 cancelOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3681 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3647 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3712 cancelOrder success
user3712 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3712 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3713 fillOrder success
user3678 fillOrder success
user3679 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3681 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3714 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3680 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3443 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3677 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3715 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3647 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3715 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3715 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3710 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3396 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3717 cancelOrder success
user3717 fillOrder success
user3575 fillOrder success
user3575 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3718 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user2528 fillOrder success
user2528 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3094 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3719 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3719 fillOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3691 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3691 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user3552 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3438 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3588 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3720 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3438 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3667 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3667 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3588 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2185 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user2859 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3722 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2143 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2376 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2859 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3562 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3723 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3724 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3724 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3725 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3726 fillOrder success
user3726 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3726 fillOrder success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user3726 fillOrder success
user3726 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user2621 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3727 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3727 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3727 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2739 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3729 cancelOrder success
user3729 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3730 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3730 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3731 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3731 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3732 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3733 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3570 cancelOrder success
user3570 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3734 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3735 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3735 fillOrder success
user3692 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3735 fillOrder success
user3667 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3692 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3212 cancelOrder success
user3212 cancelOrder success
user3212 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user3704 cancelOrder success
user3580 cancelOrder success
user3736 fillOrder success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user3737 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3738 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user1772 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1779 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1772 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3739 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3739 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3740 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3094 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3741 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user94 fillOrder success
user3086 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3086 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3086 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3086 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3086 fillOrder success
user3086 fillOrder success
user3086 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2702 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3434 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3742 fillOrder success
user3743 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user858 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user485 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2768 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3744 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3738 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2713 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3745 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3746 fillOrder fail
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3683 cancelOrder success
user419 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3746 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3745 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3745 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3745 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3745 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3747 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3746 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3746 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3581 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2346 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3748 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3213 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1414 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3749 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user724 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3750 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3750 cancelOrder success
user3750 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3590 fillOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user2208 fillOrder success
user3751 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3752 fillOrder success
user3718 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1704 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3683 cancelOrder success
user3683 cancelOrder success
user3683 fillOrder success
user3546 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3753 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1874 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1874 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 cancelOrder success
user3754 batchCancelOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3755 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user858 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3598 fillOrder success
user573 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3734 fillOrder success
user3734 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user485 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3400 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3756 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user858 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3757 fillOrder success
user3758 fillOrder success
user3758 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3758 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2912 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2604 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3759 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3086 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2312 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3760 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2315 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2315 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2315 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3761 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user94 fillOrder success
user94 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2466 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3742 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3742 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3762 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3763 cancelOrder success
user3763 cancelOrder success
user3763 cancelOrder success
user3763 fillOrder success
user3763 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3629 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3766 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3767 fillOrder success
user3768 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3768 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3764 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3682 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3682 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3770 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2098 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3771 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3590 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3176 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3176 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3176 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3772 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user3704 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2072 cancelOrder success
user3773 fillOrder success
user3773 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3773 fillOrder success
user3396 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1704 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3774 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user3775 cancelOrder success
user3775 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3438 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1704 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3776 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3630 cancelOrder success
user3630 cancelOrder success
user3630 cancelOrder success
user3630 cancelOrder success
user3630 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3356 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3777 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3778 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3516 fillOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3691 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder fail
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3760 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3780 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3781 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3739 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3356 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3356 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3710 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 cancelOrder success
user3572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2944 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3765 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3769 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1094 fillOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3739 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3783 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user3783 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1502 cancelOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user1502 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3666 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3784 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3509 fillOrder success
user3509 fillOrder success
user3784 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user266 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrder success
user3105 fillOrder fail
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3630 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3630 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3206 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3785 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3238 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3238 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3786 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user3788 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3788 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2121 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1704 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3459 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3756 fillOrder success
user3789 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3031 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user3763 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3790 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user374 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user374 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3790 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user374 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2312 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user374 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3790 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3574 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3791 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2525 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3669 fillOrdersUpTo success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2880 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2466 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2912 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2912 fillOrder success
user2912 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3794 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3795 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3795 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3795 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3710 cancelOrder success
user3671 cancelOrder success
user3671 cancelOrder success
user3710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3796 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1084 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3703 fillOrder success
user3710 fillOrder success
user3710 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3797 cancelOrder success
user3797 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3797 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3265 fillOrder success
user2238 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3798 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1084 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3799 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user2820 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user507 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3599 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3732 cancelOrder success
user3732 cancelOrder success
user3732 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user3732 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3739 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2733 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user3551 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3342 fillOrder success
user3800 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3342 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3800 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3800 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3800 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3801 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3785 fillOrder success
user2912 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2545 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2545 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2545 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3688 fillOrder success
user2545 fillOrder success
user3688 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3579 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user3579 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user3802 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1707 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2140 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2140 fillOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user1926 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2140 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2140 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3803 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1999 cancelOrder success
user3803 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3479 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user374 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3479 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2535 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user896 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3672 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2140 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3804 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3805 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2140 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3806 batchCancelOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3420 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3806 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3807 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3804 cancelOrder success
user3804 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3808 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3808 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders fail
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3809 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3265 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user94 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user289 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2794 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user1201 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder fail
user3759 fillOrder success
user2794 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3810 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user289 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3802 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3710 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2947 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder fail
user3764 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3083 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user963 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder fail
user3769 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3764 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2702 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3811 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3797 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user963 cancelOrder success
user3812 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user566 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3813 cancelOrder success
user3813 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1904 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1904 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3390 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user1097 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3814 fillOrder success
user3814 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder fail
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3815 fillOrder success
user1039 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3815 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3139 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3816 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user251 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3815 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3817 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3817 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3817 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3817 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3817 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3765 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3818 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3818 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3819 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3420 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3420 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3821 cancelOrder success
user3821 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3811 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3760 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3760 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3811 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3760 fillOrder success
user3760 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder fail
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1811 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user3580 fillOrder success
user848 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user214 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3810 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3332 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2949 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user3822 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3822 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3759 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder fail
user3764 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3759 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3769 fillOrder fail
user3764 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3764 fillOrder fail
user3765 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3759 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1666 cancelOrder success
user1666 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3823 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3823 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3662 fillOrder success
user3823 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3823 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3662 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3824 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3154 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3761 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1666 cancelOrder success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3825 fillOrder success
user3825 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3826 cancelOrder success
user3826 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1278 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3769 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user2764 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder fail
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3796 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder fail
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder fail
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2764 cancelOrder success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user3827 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user2140 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3083 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder fail
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder fail
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder fail
user3764 fillOrder success
user3332 fillOrder success
user3828 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user3759 fillOrder success
user3769 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user3765 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3759 fillOrder fail
user3764 fillOrder success
user3764 fillOrder success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3814 fillOrder success
user3829 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user506 fillOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3830 fillOrdersUpTo success
user984 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrder success
user506 fillOrder success
user3830 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3830 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3831 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3798 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3798 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3832 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3818 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3818 fillOrder success
user2239 fillOrder success
user3833 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3818 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3834 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3834 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3574 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder fail
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3836 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3837 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3838 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3839 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3840 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user3329 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3840 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3820 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2713 fillOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3363 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3847 cancelOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3847 fillOrder success
user3848 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3847 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder fail
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3849 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3847 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3847 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2043 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2846 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2763 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3850 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3851 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 cancelOrder success
user1521 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user3852 fillOrder success
user2644 fillOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user3852 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3852 fillOrder success
user3852 fillOrder success
user3852 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3852 fillOrder success
user3852 fillOrder success
user3852 fillOrder success
user3834 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2617 cancelOrder success
user3710 cancelOrder success
user2457 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3834 fillOrdersUpTo success
user854 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3853 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3604 cancelOrder success
user3420 fillOrder success
user3420 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3802 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user606 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user143 batchFillOrders success
user2641 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3854 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2641 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3854 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2177 fillOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3728 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user3509 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3560 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder fail
user3845 fillOrder fail
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user566 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user566 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3815 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1548 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3775 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3493 cancelOrder success
user3493 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3493 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3493 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user3493 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 fillOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user737 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user668 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user3105 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user3593 fillOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1471 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3333 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3724 fillOrder success
user1193 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user2196 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder fail
user3842 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3846 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user668 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user668 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user143 batchFillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1541 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3850 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2621 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3856 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2508 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2508 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3857 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3858 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3218 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3859 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2713 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3860 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3651 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3426 fillOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder fail
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder fail
user3861 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2713 fillOrder success
user2713 fillOrder success
user3862 fillOrder success
user3862 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2072 cancelOrder success
user2072 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2072 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2072 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3426 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2391 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3834 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user1084 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3252 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3857 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3218 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder fail
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3863 cancelOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user3083 fillOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3061 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3864 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3061 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3061 fillOrder fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3864 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3061 fillOrder fail
user3061 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3691 batchCancelOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3061 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3376 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2912 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3301 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2917 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2535 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user2989 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user964 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2917 fillOrder success
user2917 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2917 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3865 cancelOrder success
user3865 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3644 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3644 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3856 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1553 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user905 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3502 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3866 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder fail
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3866 cancelOrder success
user3866 cancelOrder success
user3866 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3776 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user3746 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user3763 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3763 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3867 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3867 fillOrder success
user3867 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user3651 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3859 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3849 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3868 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2927 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3869 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3870 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2838 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3871 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3594 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3594 fillOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3865 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2523 fillOrder success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user235 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3131 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3872 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3873 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user3874 cancelOrder success
user3874 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user3874 cancelOrder success
user3874 cancelOrder success
user3874 cancelOrder success
user3874 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder fail
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3875 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user3155 fillOrder success
user3876 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user668 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3624 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 cancelOrder success
user3865 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3877 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3878 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3878 fillOrder success
user3865 cancelOrder success
user3865 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 cancelOrder success
user3661 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user3873 batchCancelOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder fail
user3846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user3843 fillOrder success
user3873 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder fail
user3843 fillOrder success
user3846 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user3842 fillOrder fail
user3846 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3661 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3842 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3661 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user773 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user773 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user773 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3721 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3879 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2936 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2936 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user592 cancelOrder success
user592 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3880 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3880 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3609 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3881 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3881 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3882 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3882 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3661 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3882 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 cancelOrder success
user3588 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3198 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3721 cancelOrder success
user3721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3721 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user3880 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3880 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1471 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3746 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3290 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3290 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user3859 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3290 fillOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3290 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 cancelOrder success
user3290 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3290 fillOrder success
user3290 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1600 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3859 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3883 cancelOrder success
user3883 cancelOrder success
user3883 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3847 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3883 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3883 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user2568 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3453 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3884 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3728 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3885 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3886 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user3887 batchCancelOrders success
user3728 cancelOrder success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user460 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user866 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3884 fillOrder success
user3884 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3888 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3884 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user3844 fillOrder success
user3889 cancelOrder success
user3884 fillOrder success
user3889 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3889 cancelOrder success
user3890 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3891 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3574 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 cancelOrder success
user984 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3031 fillOrder success
user3661 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1763 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1763 fillOrder success
user1763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1763 fillOrder success
user3710 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1763 fillOrder success
user3892 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2043 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3737 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3290 fillOrder success
user3290 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2743 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3893 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3893 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3767 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3614 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3693 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2535 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user984 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user3693 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3894 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2936 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2743 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2743 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user2885 fillOrder success
user3863 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2743 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2743 fillOrder success
user2936 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3863 fillOrder success
user3895 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3895 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1313 fillOrder success
user2784 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3896 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3897 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3703 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2185 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3898 cancelOrder success
user3899 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user3899 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3881 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3900 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3901 fillOrder success
user3902 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3901 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3903 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3903 cancelOrder success
user984 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3903 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2949 fillOrder success
user2248 fillOrder success
user3884 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3904 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3664 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3906 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user3841 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3268 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3907 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3857 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3904 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3871 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1779 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3857 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrder success
user3857 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3035 fillOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3035 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1207 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3450 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1497 cancelOrder success
user1497 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3908 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3904 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user189 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3149 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3058 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3058 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3489 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3909 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3911 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3912 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3912 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3912 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3912 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3913 fillOrder success
user3857 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3847 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3847 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3847 fillOrder success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2763 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3914 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3914 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user3895 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3914 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3914 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3664 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3915 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3840 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3840 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3916 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3604 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3917 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3918 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3910 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3840 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3917 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user189 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3919 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 fillOrder success
user3910 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3920 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3921 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3921 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user3922 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3625 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3922 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3923 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3886 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3205 fillOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user923 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3101 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2280 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3661 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user2508 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user964 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3343 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3101 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1944 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3205 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3903 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3903 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user3924 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3750 fillOrdersUpTo success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3925 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3925 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3047 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3926 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3926 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3926 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3926 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3926 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3738 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3738 fillOrder success
user2239 cancelOrder success
user3738 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3738 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user2249 cancelOrder success
user3738 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3738 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3738 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3927 fillOrdersUpTo success
user923 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3927 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3928 fillOrder success
user3928 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3928 fillOrder success
user3928 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3929 cancelOrder success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3929 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user3491 fillOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user3491 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3083 cancelOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user2443 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3083 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3083 cancelOrder success
user3083 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user434 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3930 fillOrder success
user434 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user434 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user434 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user434 fillOrder success
user3931 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user434 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3489 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3904 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3893 cancelOrder success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3933 batchCancelOrders success
user3579 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3579 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3579 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3933 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user3933 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3345 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder fail
user3589 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3589 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3589 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3873 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3873 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3873 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1228 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3352 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1832 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1832 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3935 fillOrder success
user3913 fillOrder success
user3935 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user188 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3912 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3045 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user188 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3936 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3937 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3937 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3938 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3939 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3940 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3937 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3937 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3937 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3937 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3941 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3937 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3710 fillOrder success
user3937 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3937 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3763 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user462 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user600 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3710 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3942 fillOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2121 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3817 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3149 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1787 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1236 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3351 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2956 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user1007 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3944 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3491 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3945 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3946 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3946 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3947 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3938 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3938 fillOrder fail
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3948 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3656 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1193 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3949 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3949 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3590 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3590 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3950 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3710 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3924 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3790 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3951 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3790 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3790 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2209 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2209 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3489 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3683 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3906 fillOrder success
user3401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3906 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3683 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3861 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3952 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3953 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2648 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3569 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user1521 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3378 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3378 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3845 fillOrder success
user668 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3884 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3954 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3378 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3844 fillOrder fail
user3537 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder fail
user2171 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3841 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder fail
user3845 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3956 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3906 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3956 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder fail
user3841 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user133 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3956 fillOrder success
user3841 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user3956 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3954 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2820 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3956 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3956 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3957 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2820 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3572 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder fail
user2820 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2820 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3958 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3958 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3959 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3959 cancelOrder success
user3959 cancelOrder success
user3959 cancelOrder success
user3959 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3960 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3960 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1759 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3961 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2248 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3962 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3962 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3962 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3963 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3964 cancelOrder success
user3965 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3963 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3516 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3965 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3964 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3964 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user712 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3516 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3965 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3964 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3966 cancelOrder success
user3966 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3966 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3834 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2846 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3689 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1926 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3967 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3967 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user3968 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2526 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3554 fillOrder success
user3491 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3969 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3969 fillOrder success
user3577 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3969 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3969 fillOrder success
user1565 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1565 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3577 fillOrder success
user3969 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1565 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3969 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3970 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3969 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3969 fillOrder success
user3969 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3969 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3971 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3971 cancelOrder success
user3971 fillOrder success
user3971 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3629 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3007 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3007 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3007 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3007 fillOrder success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user3007 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3972 fillOrder success
user3797 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3962 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3629 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3973 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3973 fillOrder success
user3375 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1930 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1313 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3895 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user94 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3926 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3974 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3561 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2890 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3975 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3975 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3976 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3977 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3978 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user3977 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3979 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3513 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3980 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3560 fillOrder success
user2878 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user3981 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3932 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2743 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2743 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user214 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3982 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3983 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3982 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3984 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3170 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 cancelOrder success
user3985 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3423 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user676 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user3423 fillOrder success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3423 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3423 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3094 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3986 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3985 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3987 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3032 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3923 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3983 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3688 batchCancelOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3983 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3114 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3782 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2801 fillOrder fail
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3988 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3692 fillOrder success
user3692 fillOrder success
user3692 fillOrder success
user3692 fillOrder success
user3692 fillOrder success
user2801 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 fillOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1904 fillOrder success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user3793 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user3989 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user1904 fillOrder success
user1904 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user3894 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 cancelOrder success
user3990 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user3990 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3991 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3315 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3843 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3845 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3992 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3718 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3004 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3192 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3718 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3908 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3994 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1097 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3423 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user3487 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3861 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3995 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3995 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3995 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3995 fillOrder success
user3506 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3787 fillOrder success
user3265 fillOrder success
user3265 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3265 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3265 fillOrder success
user3265 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3996 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3996 cancelOrder success
user3996 cancelOrder success
user3996 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3996 cancelOrder success
user905 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3997 fillOrder success
user3997 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3998 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user134 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user4000 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4000 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4001 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3797 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3058 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4002 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2979 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user3261 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2053 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3976 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3261 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3261 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3261 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1800 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3829 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 cancelOrder success
user3829 fillOrder success
user1800 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4004 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4005 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4004 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3886 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user3886 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3829 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user515 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4006 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3729 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4007 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3729 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3886 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3729 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3729 fillOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4008 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4009 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1878 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3198 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4010 fillOrder success
user4010 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2662 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4011 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 cancelOrder success
user3671 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4012 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4012 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4013 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4013 fillOrder success
user4014 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4013 fillOrder success
user4013 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4013 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4013 fillOrder success
user4013 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4015 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4013 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3972 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3527 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3527 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3198 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3198 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4016 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3198 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2525 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4018 fillOrder success
user4018 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4018 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4018 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4019 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4019 fillOrdersUpTo success
user923 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user4018 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4018 fillOrder success
user4020 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4020 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4018 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4021 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3527 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4018 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4021 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3527 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3527 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4011 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user4011 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3998 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2388 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3998 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4022 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user644 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4023 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user515 fillOrder success
user515 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4009 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4024 fillOrdersUpTo success
user923 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4024 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2535 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4021 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4021 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4022 cancelOrder success
user3300 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3538 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2134 cancelOrder success
user3906 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4025 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4026 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user4025 fillOrder success
user3811 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4025 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4026 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user4025 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4027 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4028 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user263 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3583 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user562 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4025 fillOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user4029 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4029 fillOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user4025 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4030 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2880 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3991 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4029 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4031 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 cancelOrder success
user3961 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3961 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4032 cancelOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4033 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4033 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4034 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4033 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4015 fillOrder success
user4035 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4035 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4033 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4036 cancelOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4034 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4036 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4036 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4037 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2248 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4038 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4036 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4039 cancelOrder success
user4036 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user4040 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4036 fillOrder success
user3028 fillOrder success
user4041 cancelOrder success
user4028 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4036 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2340 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4036 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4042 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4043 fillOrder success
user4043 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4043 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2552 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3596 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4015 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4044 cancelOrder success
user4045 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4046 cancelOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user4015 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4031 fillOrder success
user4047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4048 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3908 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrder success
user4049 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user855 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3955 fillOrder success
user4049 cancelOrder success
user4050 cancelOrder success
user3918 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4050 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4050 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2545 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2545 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3955 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4051 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4052 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4051 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4025 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1325 fillOrder success
user1325 fillOrder success
user1325 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3664 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1325 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4053 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3347 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4053 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3300 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3300 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user179 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user179 fillOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user4054 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3671 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4054 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4055 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4055 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4056 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4056 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4057 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4057 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3609 fillOrder success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4059 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4060 cancelOrder success
user4011 cancelOrder success
user4060 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4060 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4060 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4055 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4027 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3791 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1587 fillOrder success
user963 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3609 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4062 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2460 fillOrder success
user4062 fillOrder success
user2460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user4011 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4048 fillOrder success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user3791 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3791 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user4029 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4064 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3028 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4027 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user4037 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4037 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4061 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4065 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4032 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4067 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4067 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4037 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user4067 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4034 fillOrdersUpTo success
user263 fillOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4034 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user4037 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4068 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4031 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4031 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user4011 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4042 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user4031 batchCancelOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user263 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4032 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4037 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4069 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4070 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1904 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4071 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4061 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4072 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4042 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4073 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4074 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4074 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4068 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3360 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user4075 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4075 fillOrder fail
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user196 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user196 fillOrder success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2917 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4076 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user4029 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4078 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4076 fillOrder success
user3774 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2838 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder fail
user4048 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4079 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3986 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4080 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4081 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4081 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3598 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrder success
user566 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3597 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user3597 fillOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4048 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user263 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4081 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4082 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4083 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4083 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4055 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4085 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3139 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3609 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4086 fillOrder success
user4055 fillOrder success
user3609 fillOrder success
user4084 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4086 fillOrder success
user3609 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user510 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4087 fillOrder success
user4087 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4088 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2053 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2989 cancelOrder success
user2053 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4089 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user4089 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4089 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1069 fillOrder success
user1069 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1069 fillOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4090 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3139 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4027 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user3139 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4090 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4091 cancelOrder success
user4091 cancelOrder success
user4091 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3122 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4092 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4067 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3943 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user3943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4067 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4033 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4033 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4092 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user923 fillOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4092 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4092 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4092 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4093 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4017 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4067 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4048 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4095 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2596 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3779 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4074 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3768 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4096 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4096 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4097 cancelOrder success
user4096 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4098 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4098 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3955 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user4015 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4099 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4099 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4100 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4101 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user3629 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1901 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4103 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4100 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4102 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4104 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3926 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3955 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4061 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3996 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4100 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user4102 fillOrder success
user4100 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3926 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user934 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user934 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user4105 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3926 fillOrder success
user4105 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2581 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4106 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1881 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3347 cancelOrder success
user1881 fillOrder success
user3347 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3996 cancelOrder success
user3998 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3998 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4107 cancelOrder success
user4108 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4109 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4074 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4074 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4074 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4074 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4106 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4110 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user854 fillOrder success
user854 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3351 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4107 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3996 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3903 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4111 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4111 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4048 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user4112 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4112 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2641 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3359 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user638 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user638 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2466 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4044 cancelOrder success
user4044 cancelOrder success
user4044 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3906 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4113 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2270 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user638 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4114 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4115 cancelOrder success
user4115 cancelOrder success
user4115 cancelOrder success
user3938 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3315 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4116 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3762 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2947 fillOrder success
user638 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user638 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3329 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4117 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4118 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user4116 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4116 cancelOrder success
user4116 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4116 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3401 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4119 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1666 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4120 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3767 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3767 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3748 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4121 cancelOrder success
user4121 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4061 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4122 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3805 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3805 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 cancelOrder success
user2775 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4061 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4124 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2573 fillOrder success
user2573 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2573 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user801 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user801 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user801 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user801 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4126 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4104 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3840 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3840 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4102 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4127 fillOrder success
user4128 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4118 cancelOrder success
user4128 cancelOrder success
user4128 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4129 fillOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3741 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user1848 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4129 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4130 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4131 cancelOrder success
user3347 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user4132 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3571 cancelOrder success
user2879 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user4133 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3155 fillOrder success
user4133 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user4127 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2098 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4134 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3938 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2713 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2376 cancelOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user510 fillOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4135 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4135 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4135 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user2917 cancelOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4136 cancelOrder success
user4136 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4137 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4102 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3349 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4137 cancelOrder success
user4137 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3949 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4030 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user4138 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4139 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4140 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4137 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user446 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user446 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3300 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4137 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4141 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3654 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1205 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3652 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user3652 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user1497 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2000 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4142 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2466 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4143 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4143 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4143 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4022 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1905 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3516 fillOrder success
user3516 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2917 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1152 fillOrder success
user4145 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4145 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3817 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3393 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3393 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3926 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4147 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user964 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4094 fillOrder success
user4094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4148 cancelOrder success
user4094 fillOrder success
user4149 fillOrder success
user4094 fillOrder success
user4022 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4148 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4094 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4094 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4150 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4151 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4058 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3393 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user4152 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4153 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user848 cancelOrder success
user848 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4154 cancelOrder success
user4155 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4156 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4155 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user4058 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4157 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4157 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4154 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4158 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4053 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user879 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2084 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4159 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4160 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user3122 fillOrder success
user4161 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4162 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4160 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user4160 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3206 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3763 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user404 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user404 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1205 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user1205 fillOrder success
user1205 fillOrder fail
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user4142 fillOrder success
user4163 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4164 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2134 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4163 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user879 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user4165 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4165 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4166 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4165 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4165 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user2042 fillOrder success
user3139 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3139 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4126 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4126 cancelOrder success
user4126 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user4104 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4168 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user4104 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2042 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user3011 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 fillOrder fail
user3011 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3011 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3011 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3011 cancelOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user3011 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3011 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user587 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4104 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3993 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user404 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user404 cancelOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user3993 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4170 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3993 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4170 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user404 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4170 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4171 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user404 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user404 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2074 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user4058 fillOrder success
user4168 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4146 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4172 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4146 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user4172 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4173 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4174 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4175 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4175 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4176 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3255 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3255 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4174 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4177 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4178 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4179 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4179 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4172 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3011 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4179 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3011 fillOrdersUpTo success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1497 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user4179 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4179 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4179 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4180 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4179 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user724 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1497 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user724 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2208 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4181 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4182 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4183 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4184 cancelOrder success
user4184 cancelOrder success
user4184 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4185 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user94 fillOrder success
user94 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4177 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4136 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user404 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4186 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4162 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user2280 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user473 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user1711 fillOrdersUpTo success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2553 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user4063 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3805 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3861 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3805 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3805 fillOrder fail
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user3805 fillOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user3975 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3598 fillOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4187 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4177 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2000 fillOrder success
user4026 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4187 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4026 cancelOrder success
user4019 fillOrder fail
user4019 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3513 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user4188 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4189 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4188 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3363 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3363 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1587 fillOrder success
user1587 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3086 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user193 fillOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4146 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3609 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user193 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1145 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user3521 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user3521 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3521 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4180 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3521 fillOrder success
user3521 fillOrder success
user3521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3521 fillOrder success
user3521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3521 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1111 fillOrder success
user4125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1111 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1111 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4104 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4118 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user196 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4118 fillOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4190 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3378 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4191 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3252 cancelOrder success
user1704 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4192 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3079 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3079 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2616 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3904 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3904 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3252 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4053 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user4169 cancelOrder success
user4169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4019 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4019 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4019 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1884 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2608 fillOrder success
user2608 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4054 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4054 cancelOrder success
user4193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3943 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1163 fillOrdersUpTo success
user160 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user737 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3741 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user954 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3664 cancelOrder success
user3307 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3893 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3934 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user4193 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4019 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3609 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3609 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4194 cancelOrder success
user4019 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4195 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3144 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user160 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4196 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2450 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4197 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3073 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4024 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4024 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4024 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4198 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1269 fillOrder success
user4198 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1559 fillOrder success
user1559 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1497 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1497 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4199 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3949 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3537 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3537 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user166 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user4200 cancelOrder success
user166 fillOrder success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4048 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3797 fillOrder success
user3329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3991 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2780 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2780 fillOrder fail
user3329 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user166 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4201 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user1744 fillOrder success
user3871 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1744 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3800 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user3800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4021 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4021 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user2274 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1163 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4193 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3861 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user473 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user473 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user984 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user1511 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user587 cancelOrder success
user3704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4039 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4202 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4203 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user587 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4204 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2169 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3593 batchFillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4205 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3378 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4206 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user4207 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4207 cancelOrder success
user3011 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user737 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2641 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4206 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4206 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4206 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4146 fillOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4204 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1511 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4208 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4209 fillOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2641 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4100 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4100 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2641 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4210 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 cancelOrder success
user2936 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3268 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3131 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4211 fillOrdersUpTo success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user3131 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2274 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1436 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1511 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4212 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4213 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user4214 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1942 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1227 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1227 fillOrder success
user1227 fillOrder success
user4215 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1227 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4216 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user2837 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4216 fillOrder success
user4217 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4215 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1936 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2103 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1154 fillOrder success
user4194 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4194 cancelOrder success
user4194 cancelOrder success
user4194 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4218 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4218 fillOrder success
user4218 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4219 fillOrder success
user4220 fillOrder success
user1936 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user4220 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2140 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2140 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4221 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2664 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4221 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4221 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4221 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4222 cancelOrder success
user4221 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4223 fillOrder success
user4224 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4221 cancelOrder success
user4224 cancelOrder success
user4221 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4224 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4221 cancelOrder success
user4221 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4225 cancelOrder success
user4226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4225 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user4225 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4224 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4225 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4227 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4227 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4227 cancelOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1227 cancelOrder success
user4227 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4227 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4226 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4228 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4223 fillOrder success
user4229 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4230 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4231 cancelOrder success
user4232 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4232 fillOrder success
user4223 fillOrder fail
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4231 fillOrder success
user4233 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4234 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4225 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4235 cancelOrder success
user4225 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4236 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4236 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4238 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4223 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 cancelOrder success
user4240 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4236 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4236 fillOrder fail
user4238 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4241 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 cancelOrder success
user4241 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4113 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4242 fillOrder success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4242 cancelOrder success
user4242 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4223 fillOrder success
user866 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4243 fillOrder success
user4241 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 cancelOrder success
user4223 fillOrder success
user4223 fillOrder success
user4223 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4244 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4239 fillOrder success
user4245 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4246 fillOrder success
user4246 fillOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4247 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4248 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1662 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user4249 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4207 cancelOrder success
user4207 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user4061 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4250 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2664 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2664 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4219 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user1662 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4251 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4251 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user848 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4238 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4217 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4217 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4100 fillOrder success
user4100 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3304 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user848 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4251 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4252 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4246 cancelOrder success
user2169 cancelOrder success
user4253 fillOrder success
user4253 fillOrder fail
user4214 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4254 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4254 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4255 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1559 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user4256 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4222 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4257 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4257 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2245 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1926 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2245 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1926 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4258 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4259 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4260 fillOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4261 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4260 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4262 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4262 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4263 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4264 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4262 fillOrder fail
user4265 fillOrder success
user4263 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4260 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4266 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4266 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4263 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4263 fillOrder success
user4263 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4267 cancelOrder success
user4268 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4269 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4260 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user4246 cancelOrder success
user4223 fillOrder success
user4270 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4219 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4219 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user4223 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3787 fillOrder success
user3974 fillOrder success
user4239 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4264 fillOrder success
user4271 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4107 batchCancelOrders success
user4073 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4272 fillOrder success
user4223 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4273 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4274 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4239 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4266 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrder success
user4266 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4223 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4223 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4239 cancelOrder success
user4239 cancelOrder success
user4276 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4276 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4277 cancelOrder success
user4275 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4278 cancelOrder success
user4275 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4278 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4275 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4279 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2002 fillOrder success
user4275 fillOrder fail
user4279 fillOrder success
user1444 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4280 cancelOrder success
user4280 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4280 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4280 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4280 cancelOrder success
user4280 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user4280 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4259 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3004 fillOrder success
user2123 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 fillOrder success
user2885 fillOrder success
user4275 fillOrder success
user3004 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 fillOrder success
user1502 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user160 fillOrder success
user4281 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user854 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4256 fillOrder success
user4282 cancelOrder success
user4256 fillOrder fail
user4283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4282 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4283 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4275 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user4266 fillOrder success
user4003 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4284 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4285 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4285 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4284 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4286 cancelOrder success
user4286 cancelOrder success
user4266 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4282 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4282 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4282 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4216 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user562 fillOrder success
user4226 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3878 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4275 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4287 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4288 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user236 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4289 cancelOrder success
user4273 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4273 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4227 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4227 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4227 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4290 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4216 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1477 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4291 fillOrder success
user4125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4292 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4293 fillOrder success
user4294 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4003 cancelOrder success
user4266 fillOrder success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4295 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4292 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user566 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4266 fillOrder success
user4291 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2227 fillOrder success
user4137 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1913 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4296 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4297 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4137 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4297 cancelOrder success
user4297 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4137 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder fail
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4137 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4298 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3955 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4298 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1502 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4299 cancelOrder success
user4299 cancelOrder success
user4299 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4300 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4301 fillOrder success
user4302 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4298 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4303 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 fillOrder success
user2227 cancelOrder success
user4304 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4305 fillOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4305 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4227 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4227 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1860 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4008 cancelOrder success
user3011 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4306 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4244 cancelOrder success
user4307 cancelOrder success
user4301 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3609 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4146 fillOrder success
user4308 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user4309 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user4309 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2630 cancelOrder success
user4309 fillOrder success
user2630 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2630 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4310 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3793 fillOrder success
user1228 fillOrder success
user4307 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4309 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3329 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1228 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3597 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4307 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1913 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user854 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4311 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4312 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4312 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4312 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4312 fillOrder success
user4312 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4308 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4313 cancelOrder success
user4314 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4308 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4315 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2363 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4221 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4221 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4221 cancelOrder success
user4221 fillOrdersUpTo success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2363 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4317 fillOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user166 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user166 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3972 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3972 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user166 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4318 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4318 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1913 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4317 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4319 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4321 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4322 fillOrder success
user4323 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 cancelOrder success
user4308 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4324 fillOrdersUpTo success
user507 fillOrder success
user4321 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4310 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4237 fillOrder success
user4325 fillOrder success
user4326 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4326 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4327 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4328 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4329 cancelOrder success
user4310 fillOrder success
user4330 fillOrder success
user4329 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4331 fillOrder success
user4310 fillOrder success
user3662 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3598 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4331 cancelOrder success
user4227 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4302 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user1521 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1521 fillOrder success
user4332 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4333 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4332 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4332 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4333 cancelOrder success
user4333 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4332 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4334 cancelOrder success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4334 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4335 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4336 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4304 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 cancelOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4337 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4337 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4338 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2407 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4339 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4338 fillOrder success
user4340 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4340 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user8 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1559 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4341 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4342 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4341 fillOrder fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4343 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4344 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1559 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4341 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4341 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4310 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user4310 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4310 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4310 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3910 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4342 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4345 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4302 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4302 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4331 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4346 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4302 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1502 fillOrder success
user2596 cancelOrder success
user4302 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2596 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4123 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4347 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user4348 cancelOrder success
user4349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4350 fillOrder success
user866 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4260 fillOrder success
user4351 fillOrder success
user4350 fillOrder fail
user3793 fillOrder success
user4264 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4223 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4279 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4352 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4264 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4350 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4326 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3237 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4353 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4354 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4349 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1719 fillOrder success
user4003 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 cancelOrder success
user3237 cancelOrder success
user3011 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4355 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4356 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4348 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4356 fillOrder success
user4357 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4356 fillOrder success
user4355 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4355 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1269 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1719 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4358 fillOrder success
user4358 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4348 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4348 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4351 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3345 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user4359 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4359 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4360 fillOrder success
user4361 cancelOrder success
user4361 cancelOrder success
user4361 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1502 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1665 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4351 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4325 fillOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user4362 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user4363 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2947 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4364 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user4325 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user4363 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1665 fillOrder success
user4365 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user4325 fillOrder fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 cancelOrder success
user4325 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4305 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4218 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1877 cancelOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4362 fillOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1477 fillOrder success
user1477 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4366 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4366 fillOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user4366 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2286 fillOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4325 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user4325 cancelOrder success
user4367 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user562 cancelOrder success
user954 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4366 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user4368 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4368 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1800 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1800 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4368 fillOrder success
user4369 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4368 fillOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user3339 cancelOrder success
user2286 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3339 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user4370 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4368 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4367 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user4368 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4368 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user4370 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1913 cancelOrder success
user4368 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1141 fillOrder success
user3339 fillOrder success
user1553 fillOrder success
user3346 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4365 cancelOrder success
user1877 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user4372 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user4373 fillOrder success
user1097 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1913 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4306 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4306 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4306 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4283 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4374 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4310 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4310 fillOrder success
user3835 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4375 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4376 cancelOrder success
user4377 cancelOrder success
user4378 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4379 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4380 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4379 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4379 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3206 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2140 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4381 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4382 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4382 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4376 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4376 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4382 cancelOrder success
user4378 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4376 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4383 cancelOrder success
user4383 cancelOrder success
user4383 fillOrder fail
user4383 cancelOrder success
user4383 cancelOrder success
user4383 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4377 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4382 cancelOrder success
user4384 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4378 fillOrder success
user4378 fillOrder success
user4378 fillOrder success
user4378 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user4385 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4385 fillOrder success
user562 fillOrder success
user1097 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1097 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4378 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1994 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4301 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4386 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4378 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2144 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3343 cancelOrder success
user4387 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4382 cancelOrder success
user4382 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4306 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4388 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4365 cancelOrder success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user263 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4322 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4304 cancelOrder success
user4389 fillOrder success
user4390 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4239 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4367 cancelOrder success
user4367 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4367 cancelOrder success
user4367 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4367 cancelOrder success
user4367 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1704 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user751 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2907 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3504 cancelOrder success
user3504 cancelOrder success
user3347 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3105 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4366 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4065 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user2270 fillOrder success
user4391 fillOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user3155 cancelOrder success
user3949 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user751 cancelOrder success
user4185 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3949 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4199 cancelOrder success
user4392 fillOrder success
user4392 fillOrder fail
user4371 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user4393 cancelOrder success
user1711 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4223 fillOrder success
user4394 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4394 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user4392 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user3047 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user4395 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user4221 fillOrder success
user2947 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4396 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4396 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4394 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4397 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4198 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4337 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4398 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4399 fillOrder success
user4399 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4322 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4400 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4401 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4400 cancelOrder success
user4402 fillOrder success
user4402 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4403 fillOrder success
user4397 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4404 fillOrder success
user4402 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4405 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4322 cancelOrder success
user4406 cancelOrder success
user4406 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4407 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4407 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4407 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4408 cancelOrder success
user4407 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4409 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4407 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4407 fillOrder success
user606 batchFillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4410 fillOrder success
user4219 fillOrder success
user4411 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4185 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4410 fillOrder success
user4410 fillOrder success
user4239 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user293 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4412 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4412 fillOrder fail
user4412 fillOrder fail
user4412 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4412 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4412 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4402 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4412 fillOrder success
user4412 fillOrder success
user4185 fillOrder success
user4185 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4412 fillOrder fail
user4413 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4240 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4413 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4363 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3778 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2907 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3778 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user361 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user728 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3778 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4151 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 fillOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4237 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4237 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4237 fillOrder success
user3237 cancelOrder success
user4237 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4400 cancelOrder success
user4400 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2510 fillOrder success
user4414 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4027 fillOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4400 cancelOrder success
user4400 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4294 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user4294 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4294 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4223 fillOrder success
user4294 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4294 cancelOrder success
user4294 cancelOrder success
user4294 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4400 cancelOrder success
user4400 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4400 fillOrder fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user728 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4415 cancelOrder success
user4415 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4415 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4416 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4410 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2134 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4417 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4418 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4419 cancelOrder success
user4419 cancelOrder success
user4419 cancelOrder success
user4419 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4420 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4298 cancelOrder success
user4418 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user3011 fillOrder success
user3011 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4418 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3011 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4421 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4422 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4422 fillOrder success
user4422 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4223 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3344 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4410 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4039 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4410 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4410 cancelOrder success
user4423 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrder success
user3989 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4424 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4425 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4426 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4427 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4428 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4423 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4429 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4430 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4400 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4400 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4423 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4423 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4426 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4431 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4039 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4426 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4039 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4423 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4427 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4431 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4424 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4432 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4424 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4039 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4003 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1884 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user3999 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user1884 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4039 fillOrdersUpTo success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4433 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4433 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1792 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4434 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4434 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user566 cancelOrder success
user4433 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4434 fillOrdersUpTo fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder fail
user4433 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4386 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4406 cancelOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4386 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4254 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2466 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4435 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4435 cancelOrder success
user4435 fillOrder fail
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4402 fillOrder success
user4402 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user728 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2004 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2004 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1643 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 cancelOrder success
user4436 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4337 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4437 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4438 fillOrder success
user4439 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4440 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4306 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4440 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4441 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3914 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4402 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1097 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2274 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user4388 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3673 fillOrdersUpTo success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user4442 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user848 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2552 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user3170 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4336 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4336 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4346 cancelOrder success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4348 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4348 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4410 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4437 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4410 cancelOrder success
user566 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4125 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4125 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4437 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2702 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user2702 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4015 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3484 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4388 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4346 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4388 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4444 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4386 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2702 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4435 fillOrder success
user4077 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4261 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4435 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4388 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4445 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user320 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4446 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4388 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4447 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user4448 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4448 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user4448 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user507 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4448 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4447 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4447 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4449 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3327 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user4447 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3290 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4409 fillOrder success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3563 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3327 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4402 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4450 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4402 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4402 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user4402 fillOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4451 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3206 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1950 cancelOrder success
user1950 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4452 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1269 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4432 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4353 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4417 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user3504 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3327 fillOrder success
user3327 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3458 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4453 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4454 fillOrder success
user3327 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4343 fillOrder success
user4454 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3327 fillOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user4371 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4371 fillOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4454 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4454 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4455 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3716 fillOrder success
user4316 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user4454 fillOrder success
user3716 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4454 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user4454 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4454 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4146 fillOrder success
user2465 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4456 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user293 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4448 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3443 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user3580 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4456 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4457 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3327 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4458 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4450 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3332 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4458 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3332 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4456 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1559 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1534 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4459 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4458 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user4460 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4460 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4418 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4418 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4461 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user3237 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4462 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3265 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4462 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4462 fillOrder fail
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4350 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4463 fillOrder success
user4464 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4463 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3354 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3354 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4331 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2710 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2710 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4465 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4465 cancelOrder success
user2710 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4465 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4358 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4466 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4466 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4466 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4466 cancelOrder success
user4466 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4467 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4468 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4466 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4469 cancelOrder success
user4469 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4027 fillOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user4066 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user460 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4470 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4471 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4422 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3999 fillOrdersUpTo success
user3629 fillOrder success
user3057 cancelOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4412 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user767 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4412 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user1792 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3580 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4472 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4472 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4472 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user754 cancelOrder success
user4273 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user1069 fillOrder success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
user1069 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4472 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4472 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4167 fillOrder success
user4473 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4473 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4473 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3793 fillOrder success
user754 cancelOrder success
user2923 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user2909 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4473 fillOrder success
user4474 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4473 fillOrder success
user2401 cancelOrder success
user4474 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user866 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user3536 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4475 cancelOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4475 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4473 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4167 fillOrder success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user816 batchFillOrKillOrders success
user4474 fillOrdersUpTo success
user4473 fillOrdersUpTo success
user754 cancelOrder success
