5821  transactions
creator setOldVersion success
creator transferOwnership success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user3 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user1 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user12 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user13 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user14 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user14 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet fail
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet fail
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user16 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user17 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user17 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user17 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user17 placeBet fail
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user18 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user14 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user14 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user14 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user14 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user20 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user22 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user22 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user20 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet fail
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user20 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user25 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user24 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user26 placeBet success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user26 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet fail
user23 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user15 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user19 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user27 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user28 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user28 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user28 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user28 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user28 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user28 placeBet success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user28 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet fail
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user28 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user7 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user10 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user30 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user30 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user30 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user29 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user31 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user32 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user32 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user33 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user35 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet fail
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet fail
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user36 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user36 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user36 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user36 placeBet success
user36 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user36 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user36 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user36 placeBet success
user36 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user15 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user21 placeBet fail
user21 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user13 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user37 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet fail
user38 placeBet fail
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user39 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user40 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user41 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user41 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user41 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet fail
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user43 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user25 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user44 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user44 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user45 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user45 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user34 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user46 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user47 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user38 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user13 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet fail
user42 placeBet success
user42 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user42 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user48 settleBets success
user42 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user42 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user49 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet fail
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet fail
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user51 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user51 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user51 placeBet success
user51 placeBet success
user51 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user51 placeBet success
user51 placeBet success
user51 placeBet success
user51 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet fail
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user50 placeBet success
user50 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user52 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet fail
user2 settleBets success
user53 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user54 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user54 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user11 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user8 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user6 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user5 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user9 placeBet success
user2 settleBets success
user4 placeBet fail
user11 placeBet fail
user5 placeBet fail
user8 placeBet fail
user9 placeBet fail
user4 placeBet fail
user6 placeBet fail
user11 placeBet fail
user5 placeBet fail
user8 placeBet fail
user4 placeBet fail
user9 placeBet fail
